Content	Keywords
Kieran Warwick's $18m fix for disgruntled community - Polemos Skip to main content Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search Menu Products Resources Polemos DAO About Join Our Community Play on the Forge Now Kieran Warwick’s $18m fix for disgruntled community Polemos staff April 6, 2023 Illuvium co-founder Kieran Warwick has pledged $18m of his own Illuvium tokens to an emergency fund to calm anxious members of the blockchain game’s community. “To demonstrate my personal commitment to [ensuring the health and longevity of our DAO], I propose to create a safety pool of 300,000 of my tokens, which can be used by the DAO in case of emergency funding needs,” Warwick wrote in Illuvium’s Discord server on Wednesday (UTC)	illuvium, tokens, fund
“At the time of writing, this loan is valued at $18m in ILV, which according to our latest projections, will give us an additional 17 months of runway, totalling 31 months.” Warwick said the tokens would come from his unvested ILV and could be unlocked via an approved Illuvium Council proposal. He also said the proposal was contingent on him receiving tax and legal advice	illuvium, tokens, loan
Images of Illuvium’s male rangers were released on Wednesday. Warwick on Monday (UTC) released financial data showing Illuvium had over a year’s worth of funding left in response to community concerns about the project’s expenditure	illuvium, project, expenditure, financial
A proposal had been put forward suggesting the project’s “top management” should begin selling off game tokens to extend the funding runway. It’s not clear how effective Warwick’s tokens could be as a financial back-up, given their value is tied to the fortunes of the project	tokens, project, financial
Any emergency situation would presumably impact the value of ILV and therefore the size of the fund. The token sell-off proposal stirred intense debate in the community and, according to Warwick, also caused a “massive amount of unrest” among Illuvium’s core staff	illuvium, token, fund
Warwick said he had made his decision to loan his ILV to the project independent of this week’s debate. “As I have stated repeatedly over the past two days, I made this decision even before launching the DAO	project, loan
Why? Because it is essential for my tokens to have value.” “I will not allow the actions of a few individuals to undermine the fantastic team we have assembled.” Monday’s release of the financial data did little to quieten the mood in Discord, but after a favourable response to Warwick’s loan announcement, it was agreed by moderators and the member who made the proposal that the matter had been dealt with and the thread was shut down. “Bottom line was that we have been asking nicely for [roadmap and financial reports] for a long time,” one community member said	tokens, financial, loan
“Getting angry was the thing that finally made it happen.” A screenshot of Brightland Steppes, an area inside Illuvium Overworld, one of three games the ambitious studio is building simultaneously. Warwick has said new dates for the various releases of all three of Illuvium’s games would be out this week	illuvium, games
Illuvium is working on three games simultaneously: Illuvium Zero, Illuvium Overworld and Illuvium Arena. All three are still in beta and are being built out as a game ecosystem with a shared economy and game world	illuvium, games
Disclosure: Polemos holds Illuvium assets. The holdings have not influenced this reporting	illuvium
Please see our Editorial Policy . *Enjoy our reporting? Sign up for the Pharos newsletter and receive an update every week for free	
*Note that the portrait image heading this article is AI-generated, based on Kieren Warwick’s likeness (Polemos/MidJourney) Polemos staff Our small editorial team is distributed globally: UK, France, Turkey, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, US and Colombia. We are dedicated to bringing our audience accurate and timely information about the world of blockchain gaming	
Please see the Editorial Policy or Team links in the footer menu for more. Pharos Sign up for the Polemos newsletter now 1 Mar 2023 Real money flows into Illuvium	illuvium
Exploits curb spending. 3 Aug 2024 Illuvium’s launch	illuvium
Navigating early challenges. 6 Jul 2024 Is crypto giving up on gamers? 15 Mar 2024 Illuvium Overworld: A game in need of a point 1 Mar 2024 Xbox killing the hardware softly as Game Pass rules 16 Feb 2024 A Warwick brother falls off the Illuvium bandwagon 1 Feb 2024 2024 is do or die for blockchain gaming 19 Jan 2024 Logan Paul starts CryptoZoo NFT refunds 8 Jan 2024 Dodged bullets and false dawns 22 Dec 2023 Dumb marketing meets dumber crypto bros 15 Dec 2023 Time for blockchain gaming to meet the wider, wilder world 8 Dec 2023 Illuvium: We’re hitting blockchain bedrock 1 Dec 2023 Share Tweet Share Pin About Us Careers Whitepaper Documentation Privacy Policy Security Products Lending Guild Asset Management (Coming Soon) News Newsletter News Podcast Connect Twitter Discord YouTube LinkedIn Telegram © 2024 Polemos	illuvium
All Rights Reserved Terms of Service Close Menu Products Resources Polemos DAO About Join Our Community Play on the Forge Now Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site	
Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network	
Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes	
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you	
Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent	