Aang is exceptionally well-traveled and worldly for a twelve-year-old.
He prides himself on his vast network of connections that not only transcend national borders, but even lifetimes.
He is always receptive to the lessons imparted during his travels; Iroh explains the wisdom of this receptiveness towards learning from other people and cultures:Aang’s ability to shift between light-hearted childishness and deep maturity is what I appreciate most about his character.
Throughout his development over three seasons, he learns to shoulder the burdens of being the Avatar without losing his inner child.
His personality is such that even as the most powerful force in the Avatar universe, he will always be a kid at heart, making jewelry, riding various types of animals, and taking mini-vacations with gophers.
But at the conclusion of his character arc and the narrative, he proves that he is able to step up, push through the obstacles in his path, and do what needs to be done in order to fulfill his duties as the Avatar.Aang’s ability to balance his childish wonder and attitude with his responsibilities comes from having a high emotional intelligence quotient.
He knows and understands himself, yet is not afraid to show emotion and talk out his problems, especially to Katara.
The show explicitly shows that the few instances in which he tries to wall himself off from others actually lead to the detriment of himself and those around him (The Serpent’s Pass & The Awakening).
Avatar shows that Aang’s high degree of self-awareness and his willingness to establish open and honest channels of communications are his core strengths; with them he is able to move on from the mental guilt of losing his people and tackle the daunting challenges that lay in his path.Like a true Air Nomad, Aang tackles his problem from another angle; he has another goal, and walks another road.
He does not seek to destroy his enemy, but rather prevents him from causing further harm.
By adhering to his moral code founded on benevolence, compassion, and mercy, he discovers a power unknown to all others before him in the Avatar line.
With this power, he is able to strip away Firelord Ozai’s destructive firebending abilities without killing him, thus ending the conflict in his own way.
Given Aang’s young age, it’s not a big surprise that he doesn’t have total emotional control.
While he did group up as an air nomad and was taught a lot more about self-control than most children, he was still young.
While there are some negative things about Aang being so young, there are also some positives.
He is overall a light-hearted and fun character who liked to enjoy himself and have a good time.
Aang is a character who doesn’t respond well to toughness or harshness.
While he’s good at water bending right away, he struggles more with earth bending, and he doesn’t take well to Toph’s more direct approach.
Despite being so young in years, Aang had a lot of wisdom.
This doesn’t mean he was just some introverted loner like a sage upon a mountaintop, but it does mean that he was observant and insightful.
He obviously had a lot of growing up to do and many things to learn, but he was rather wise compared to his age.
Aang had a lot of wisdom to offer in regards to things like forgiveness and pain, and while he wasn’t always the best at following his own advice, he did try to help and support others.
One of Aang’s worst overall traits was definitely just how immature he was.
This wasn’t his fault, and he obviously would have grown out of this as fans can see in Legend of Korra.
However, going off how he is in The Last Airbender, he could have been a bit more mature given the dire circumstances he was in.
Given Aang’s personality as well as his upbringing, he learned that all beings were connected.
The fact that he respected all life whether it was plants or animals was a great thing about him.
