Content,Tags
" In a bid to turn around its lagging momentum, UAE-based team shooter Farcana has introduced a new FAR token staking program. Offering 60% APR on staked FAR, the program is one of the highest incentives among current web3 games. But as with a large majority of tokens launched in 2024, FAR has not performed well, down 96% since its February 2024 launch","Web3, Staking"
"“The decline (of FAR) reflects early listing decisions that, while initially driving momentum, highlighted the need for more robust utility within the ecosystem,” commented Farcana founder and CEO Ilman Shazhaev in a post on X. “Until the game goes live, our token has been predominantly driven by speculation – a model that, while effective in the short term, does not build sustainable growth,” he continued. “That’s why FAR has also underperformed in the current market.” As a result of releasing its new staking system, FAR has jumped by 24%",Staking
"It’s also reached number two as the most traded asset on crypto exchange Bybit. Although good news for the project short-term, there’s a larger trend plaguing altcoins more generally, and web3 gaming tokens in particular. As the following graph shows only six of the top 20 gaming tokens haven’t declined in price during 2024","Web3, Web3 Gaming"
"This issue was also recently addressed by Animoca Brands chairman Yat Siu, who’s plainly stated that these tokens have failed to gain traction. Despite of – or rather because of – an increasing market cap for altcoins, the sheer number of new tokens in 2024 has “greatly diluted overall attention” for individual altcoins, causing weak price performance. Siu goes on to suggest that institutional participation, such as in the case of Bitcoin, is imperative for the longevity of these diluted tokens, as it could both increase trust and bring in substantial long-term capital","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Bitcoin"
"A far cry from the speculation-driven trading that’s overshadowed most of crypto gaming tokens so far. Meanwhile, Shazhaev added, “Staking is just the first step in creating long-term stability and utility for the token.” “We want our holders to put their tokens to work while we continue to build out the Farcana ecosystem, slowly but surely.” Users wanting to stake their FAR tokens need to connect their wallet to Polygon, which is also one of Farcana’s seed investors. Among others participating in the $10 million seed round announced at the end of 2023 were Animoca Brands, Fenbushi Capital, and Merit Circle","Animoca Brands, Staking"
"Jenny started editing the Big Blockchain Game List in 2021; something that quickly sparked a passion for good blockchain projects and future possibilities for the whole industry. Apart from editing BlockchainGamer.biz, she keeps busy cold-plunging, writing, deadlifting, drinking too much coffee and playing too few quirky onchain games. PREV POST Dated: Ragnarok: Monster World launches, 1st October NEXT POST Blockchain gaming weekly roundup: 27th September Jobs news: Ex-Tapjoy CEO Drobick joins Earn Alliance Nexus raises $2 million for Everdawn Champions and NXI token launch Revolving Games taps Animoca ahead of node sale Animoca Brands and LayerZero Labs deepen ties Comments are closed","Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"FEATURED ICOs Hoard Trending Stories Lamborghini and Animoca launch hub and interoperable game assets How Proof of Play is taking fully onchain games like Pirate Nation to “internet-scale” Sky Mavis removing free Ronin gas, suggests devs now cover the costs Blockchaingamer.biz dedicated to illuminating and explaining the world of blockchain technology as applied in the games space. Contact us: editor@BlockChainGamer.biz Profiles How Pixels grows beyond 1 million DAUWs How Stardust is helping blockchain devs onboard one… How Guild of Guardians moves from launch into… Tokens SPORT Token will power Lympo’s GameFi system… Blockchain giant Wemade enters the stablecoin market… Animoca Brands’ PRIMATE Token is listed on Huobi… Welcome, Login to your account. Recover your password","Animoca Brands, Blockchain, Blockchain Technology"
"This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Paris, France, September 26th, 2024, Chainwire  Paris Blockchain Week, Europe’s flagship web3 event “where business happens”, with over 85 countries in attendance, has unveiled its first headline speakers for 2025","Web3, Blockchain"
"Delegates will be treated to talks from Binance CEO Richard Teng, Crypto.com’s Eric Anziani, Tim Draper, Founder and Managing Partner at Draper Associates, DFJ and Draper Venture Network, Chairman of Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Christian Louboutin’s Elise Yoshida and many more. This event brings together all of the leaders who are shaping the blockchain industry. Hosted at the Carrousel du Louvre, PBW will gather web3 leaders, developers, and investors for three days of talks, workshops, and networking","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain"
"Topics will range from ETFs, AI, and DeFi to the future of tokenization and web3 gaming, with events tailored for blockchain communities like Bitcoin Ordinals. PBW co-founder Michael Amar said: “We are proud to announce the 6th edition of Paris Blockchain Week in 2025, where we will bring together the foremost leaders and innovators in the blockchain industry. This event has established itself as the premier meeting point for industry leaders, facilitating meaningful business interactions and shaping the future of blockchain","Web3, Blockchain, Bitcoin, DeFi, Tokenization, Web3 Gaming, AI"
"As we prepare for this next edition, our focus remains on creating an environment that unites the brightest minds and most influential voices to drive growth, foster innovation, and advance the blockchain ecosystem.” PBW 2025 will feature a Startup Competition, Investor Day and Hackathon. The hackathon will feature both online and in-person challenges, giving developers, entrepreneurs, and blockchain enthusiasts a chance to showcase their skills, innovate, and create solutions that advance the industry. Additionally, an unparalleled VIP dinner beneath the breathtaking Pyramide du Louvre with an exclusive private viewing of the masterpiece wing",Blockchain
"“Start in Block,” the premier startup competition for web3 projects, entrepreneurs, and investors. With a prize fund of 10 million euros in 2024, the competition spotlights innovative projects with real-world impact. As a key part of Investor Day, Start in Block offers valuable opportunities to connect with investors, explore trends, and discuss potential deals through panel discussions on fundraising, equity, tokens, and community building",Web3
"Karina Fernandez, General Manager of Emerging Technologies of Shell said: “Paris Blockchain week is a real gravitational force, a magnet that helps to bring the right people together to accelerate the use of the tech and the changes we need to make.” Tim Draper, Founder and Managing Partner of Draper Associates, DFJ and Draper Venture Network said: “It’s an amazing conference, everyone across the world should be here so that they understand what this world is going to look like. This is the future of currency, governance, art, literature, and the economy. Paris Blockchain week is extraordinary.” With hundreds of crypto companies and VIP speakers from both blockchain and traditional finance, PBW 2025 is set to be the largest yet, bringing together key figures for insightful discussions, networking, and vibrant side events in Paris",Blockchain
"The first batch of lowest-priced tickets for Paris Blockchain Week have been released. With full 3-day tickets at just €999, including food and drink. Developer tickets start at €299 and €150 for students (plus VAT)",Blockchain
" About Paris Blockchain Week Paris Blockchain Week, taking place from 8-10th April 2025, is the premier destination for blockchain professionals, attracting the world’s foremost thought leaders, innovators, and industry drivers. As a pioneering event in the blockchain space, it is dedicated to fostering unparalleled innovation, collaboration, and knowledge sharing. The 5th edition of this prestigious event was held at the Carrousel du Louvre, hosting over 9,500 attendees and featuring 420+ speakers, including prominent figures such as Richard Teng, CEO of Binance; Jeremy Allaire, Co-Founder and CEO of Circle; Tim Draper, Founder of Draper Associates; and Marina Ferrari, French Secretary of State for Digital Affairs",Blockchain
"Be part of the future of blockchain technology, experience its transformative impact across various sectors firsthand, and connect with the visionaries driving the next wave of innovation in the space. For more information, please visit https://www.parisblockchainweek.com  Leora Schreiber
parisblockchainweek@marketacross.com Press release disclaimer: This is a paid press release. Coin Rivet recommends readers to undertake their own research on the company","Blockchain, Blockchain Technology"
" With first-hand experience of relying on mobile app stores for games distribution, Animoca Brands understands better than many the motivation behind decentralized platforms and the transparency of blockchain. The company was hit by a significant setback in 2012, when, without warning, Apple removed all of Animoca’s games from its App Store. So in 2017, when Animoca Brands co-founder and executive chairman Yat Siu was introduced to web3, he quickly identified the benefits and adapted to blockchain","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain"
"In this interview, Siu argues why today’s large dominant distribution platforms need to do the same in order to stand a chance as the technology moves ahead, and the bright future of web3 native platforms. What’s your own experience in dealing with Apple and Google’s app store policies? Yat Siu: Before Animoca Brands was founded, we, as Animoca, were one of the major mobile game developers and publishers on Apple’s App Store (at one point we had 12 of the top 20 spots on the App Store rankings). However, we suffered an unexpected setback in 2012 when Apple removed all our games without warning","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3"
"The major platforms are successful because once upon a time they were innovators on an open web; if they fail to adapt to today’s open movement, then it is highly likely that they will simply become obsolete as the world moves on. That’s when we really understood the problem of depending on a single, large, centralized platform: the obligation to follow rules without having a say in those rules, even when they are profoundly unfair or anti-competition. In 2017 we were introduced to developer Axiom Zen (CryptoKitties) and it was a eureka moment: we immediately recognized the potential offered by blockchain and decentralization to overcome the problem of dominant platforms","Blockchain, Decentralization"
"We promptly shifted Animoca Brands’ focus to blockchain gaming, and everything that has happened since suggests to us that we made the right decision. We remain convinced that decentralization and web3 signal a more equitable future for the Internet and its users. Why would you argue Apple and Google need to be more open as platforms towards web3? Both Apple and Google, Google in particular, benefited greatly from the original internet, which was the open web of its time","Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain, Decentralization"
"Do you think there’s an opportunity for web3 native mobile app stores? I definitely think so. Starting in the late 2000s, distribution channels and platforms were heavily disrupted by platforms like iTunes and Google Play, which helped to make these upstarts into some of the most powerful companies on the planet. But these tech giants themselves will be similarly disrupted if they fail to engage with or support the next iteration of products and services",Web3
"What’s your experience of centralised PC distribution stores such as Epic Games, which have been seemingly more embracing of blockchain? Epic Games has certainly been more open than Apple or Google, and in part that’s because it has to in order to be competitive with larger platforms that have a more monopolistic approach, like Steam. We work with Epic Games on game distribution and that has been a much more positive experience compared to what we went through in the past. Why do you think web3 PC distribution platforms haven’t taken hold yet? I think it’s because the audience numbers are still below a critical mass, but also because web3 distribution works very differently from what people are used to","Web3, Blockchain"
"Launchpads and even L2s function as distribution platforms (for example, Ronin, IMX/polygon). The space is evolving as we speak. We believe web3 distribution platforms will be similar to what our project, Mocaverse, has been doing",Web3
"Mocaverse has supported games such as Pixels and Arc8 by expanding their player base through the activation of its Moca NFT holder base. This approach is almost like that of a marketing publisher, but in a far more decentralized manner. It is an example of the ongoing innovation within web3",Web3
"Web3 distribution platforms already exist, but they look very different from a traditional app store and this represents a barrier for most users. Exchanges, launchpads, NFT communities, and L2s are all trying to address this issue in their own fashion and I have no doubt that web3 distribution will continue to improve to the point of being easily available to anyone anywhere in terms of seamlessness and simplicity. For more, check out Blockchain Gaming World Podcast #159 featuring Yat Siu","Yat Siu, Web3, Blockchain, NFT Communities"
"Jenny started editing the Big Blockchain Game List in 2021; something that quickly sparked a passion for good blockchain projects and future possibilities for the whole industry. Apart from editing BlockchainGamer.biz, she keeps busy cold-plunging, writing, deadlifting, drinking too much coffee and playing too few quirky onchain games. PREV POST Mavens: How to leverage the positive web3 gaming sentiment? NEXT POST Shrapnel integrates Stardust’s wallet solution From mobile and beyond, how Motorverse is expanding its web3 hub of digital… First Light Games’ Anil Das-Gupta on why app stores must be more receptive to… Oh, the stories Yat Siu tells about meme coins, ApeCoin DAO, Mocaverse, The Sandbox… Animoca’s Robby Yung on the rise of web3 mobile games in 2024 Comments are closed","Yat Siu, Web3, Blockchain, Web3 Gaming, DAO"
"FEATURED ICOs Hoard Trending Stories Lamborghini and Animoca launch hub and interoperable game assets How Proof of Play is taking fully onchain games like Pirate Nation to “internet-scale” Sky Mavis removing free Ronin gas, suggests devs now cover the costs Blockchaingamer.biz dedicated to illuminating and explaining the world of blockchain technology as applied in the games space. Contact us: editor@BlockChainGamer.biz Profiles How Pixels grows beyond 1 million DAUWs How Stardust is helping blockchain devs onboard one… How Guild of Guardians moves from launch into… Tokens SPORT Token will power Lympo’s GameFi system… Blockchain giant Wemade enters the stablecoin market… Animoca Brands’ PRIMATE Token is listed on Huobi… Welcome, Login to your account. Recover your password","Animoca Brands, Blockchain, Blockchain Technology"
"It made me think of Matthew Ball’s recent essay, “The Tremendous Yet Troubled State of Gaming in 2024,” which highlights the key issues of the entire gaming industry: extremely high capital intensity for games’ production, underdevelopment of monetization through advertising, lackluster ‘real’ growth, no space for indies to break through, lack of true diversity of content. Who else is seeing this? Is there a different future for gaming? I sat down with Yat Siu, Chairman of the Board at Animoca Brands, which is behind The Sandbox, for example, and the most popular blockchain-powered games on the planet, to discuss about traditional vs. non-traditional gaming","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"Here is the summary of our exchange. What are the main differences between traditional gaming (like Roblox or Fortnite) and blockchain-based gaming? There is one big difference. Blockchain-based gaming has digital property rights, while traditional gaming doesn’t",Blockchain
"You don’t own your virtual property or virtual car in a traditional game – the game itself owns all assets and simply lets you use them. Traditional gaming demands that you stay within the game to unlock any positive network effects. In blockchain-based gaming, the assets are owned by the gamers, conferring to them some of the same freedoms that we get from owning assets in the real world","Blockchain, Virtual Property"
"What are the main technological obstacles for blockchain-based gaming to become as popular and penetrated as Roblox or Fortnite? I don’t think the obstacles to creating a great game are technological. We have already built great games that behave like traditional ones while offering users the benefits of true digital ownership. For example, Phantom Galaxies (developed by Animoca Brands’ subsidiary Blowfish Studios) is a sophisticated and great-looking product","Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"Most gamers engage with games for social reasons, because their friends are there. This is the key driver for the success of any game. Web3 games have not yet reached their apex, in terms of massive following",Web3
"The number one challenge for adoption is mindset. Buying a phone or opening a bank account is difficult from a procedural point of view, but we still go through it because we understand the important benefits of communicating and banking, and we accept these activities as part of the social norm. Web3 is like the Web in its early days, around 1996: it exists and offers amazing benefits, but it’s mainly used by early adopters who understand those benefits",Web3
"For example, Web3 gamers tend to be more financially literate than Web2 gamers. Web3 gaming is growing fast in Asia, which tends to be very capitalistic and where financial interests are part of everyone’s culture. Blockchain-based games are more popular in Asia because gamers there want to play-and-earn and play-and-own on the basis of their skills, engagement, and ‘work’ done for the ecosystem","Web3, Blockchain, Web3 Gaming"
"The recent SEC approval of ETF Bitcoin in the US could be a way to open the door to in-game rewards such as tokenized assets, securities, or crypto, especially for an adult audience, or for branded programs? It’s a good first step. We learn through play. Today, most of our interactions are digital",Bitcoin
"Games are a newer medium that has become dominant in today’s entertainment platforms, where users share, have fun, and learn. Games could be a great way to teach a massive audience about finance. The SEC approval opens new possibilities for fractional ownership of digital assets, and especially reinforces the idea that we can own stuff digitally",Digital Assets
"The Web2 world is based exclusively on rent and on the concentration of gains in the hands of a few big actors, but once you improve users’ financial literacy that approach starts to look much less appealing. What’s the best blockchain game that Animoca Brands has invested in? What KPIs do you look at? Axie Infinity was a tremendous success, and it is still growing. Pixels is one of the biggest Web3 games in the world","Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain"
"The main KPI we look for when deciding to invest is a project’s current and potential network effect. Web3 games do not yet have hundreds of million users like some traditional games. It’s a bit like restaurants: MacDonald’s is incredibly popular, but it isn’t the only option if you want to go out with family or friends",Web3
"This is why the P&L in traditional gaming doesn’t hold well. Web3 gaming on the other hand offers better chances to secure paying users, to have a healthier and faster path to financial sustainability, and to protect IP. Unlike traditional games, blockchain-based games can be profitable with just a few thousand users, while having richer content and diversity and higher engagement, thanks to a fairer distribution of resources across the ecosystem (participants receive rewards and benefits commensurate with their efforts)","Web3, Blockchain, Web3 Gaming"
"In such markets, including most of the gaming industry, we have deprioritized innovation in the name of stability and of the concentration of power in the hands of a few actors who don’t take risks to innovate because they don’t have to. This is why we have, for example, so many shooter games or professional sports games that all look and feel so like each other. When developers enter Web3 gaming, they jump in an open market and can make money faster – note that volatility is also part of the equation","Web3, Web3 Gaming"