Content,Tags
"02:37 Yat Siu of Animoca Brands answers the question of how to spend HK$8 million Asked the question of how he would spend HK$8 million (about US$1 million), tech entrepreneur Yat Siu says he would invest in alternative assets such as non-fungible tokens (NFTs) – digital assets that exist on the internet, such as videos, artworks or photos, that have been authenticated using blockchain technology. “I think of them as stores of digital culture; things that are used to describe fashion and art. Some of them are worth millions of dollars,” Yat says","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain, Digital Assets, NFTs, Non-Fungible Tokens, Blockchain Technology"
"“[An NFT] speaks to who I am and speaks to the kind of culture that I want to promote; it speaks to my identity.” Yat is the executive chairman and co-founder of Animoca Brands, a unicorn-status company he established in Hong Kong in 2014 as an app for mobile game developers. Today the company is at the forefront of creating digital property rights for gamers using blockchain technology, giving individuals full possession of their assets, equity and, significantly, ownership of their data. “Life actually is a game in itself, it’s just not very well designed for most of us,” he says","Animoca Brands, Blockchain, Blockchain Technology"
"“But in the metaverse you can create new types of experiences that actually mimic life itself, with perhaps better or fairer rules for all.”",Metaverse
"BlockChainGamer - Where the games business meets blockchain - Where the games business meets blockchain In the latest episode of hisBlockchain Gaming World podcast, editor-in-chief Jon Jordan talks to Animoca Brands’ chairmanYat Siu, in a wide-ranging conversation covering everything from John Locke and meme coins, to howMocaversehelped the growth ofPixels, Animoca’s investment thesis, why web3 won’t become monopolistic, is ApeDAO a success or a failure plus updates onThe Sandbox, Mocaverse, the REVV ecosystem and TOWER. This interview has been edited for length and clarity. You can also listen to the podcast viathe Fountain app and earn Bitcoin","Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain, Bitcoin"
"BlockchainGamer.biz: You wrotea great piece applying John Locketo the underlying philosophy of blockchain, so how do meme coins fit into this structure? Yat Siu: I would disagree with the notion that meme coins are not the work of our minds, because I think they very much are the work of our minds in the sense that they are our stories and our culture. We may think of them as ridiculous, but if an alien came to planet Earth, they would look at a Gucci bag or a Louis Vuitton and they would say, ‘Why is this bag worth so much more than your backpack?’ And they would be puzzled. It comes from the fact they don’t understand the culture because context matters","Yat Siu, Blockchain"
"Money itself is a social construct and it is the work of our minds as well. The difference though is it’s the work of others that have told us the story, whereas I think meme tokens and tokens in web3 are stories we get to tell ourselves. Is that the reason that Animoca has invested in so many web3 companies? It’s worth talking about the philosophy ofAnimoca Brands– why are we investing in over 450 companies and continuing to invest? Even during the bear market, we made continuous investments in the space to grow the space",Web3
"And that’s because we believe in this idea of a shared network in web3. We think that we’re building a shared network; it’s like a rising tide lifts all boats idea. The second thing is we think web3 is inherently anti-monopolistic, meaning that you can’t actually win as a monopoly in web3. It’s not possible",Web3
"It’s a barter of our code. But in web3, we can now enumerate these with value in the form of money or assets because of the fact that we have ownership and there’s a value construct. So as a result of this it means that if it’s anti-monopolistic, we can’t help grow the space by backing one big company",Web3
"The flip side is thatMocaversehas risen in value. You will notice very few NFTs are actually on sale, because most of the people holding are actually owners, builders, the type of people who we’re trying to attract versus maybe some NFT collections that have much more liquidity, but also they’re held by a more degen community. You need both",NFTs
"In our case, we’re trying to create an environment where web2 gamers can go into web3 games, can experience the benefit of the liquidity, can experience the benefit of what ownership means without having to deal with the hyper-speculative nature that happened in 2021 and early 2022. We’re still trying to find the balance. I think all of us are",Web3
"The market does what the market does, right? Correct. It’s the market. I think the big difference around web3 is that the successful projects react to the market in real time and recognize the market is a feature of what they do, not a bug",Web3
"A lot of traditional web2 game companies that move into web3 treat the market like a bug, like literally a bug. It shouldn’t be like this. This is not what we want",Web3
"If you want to build North Korea, go ahead. If you’re not open, you don’t have a market. But if you’re not open then why are you in web3 to begin with? There’s no point being in web3 if you’re building a closed ecosystem",Web3
"Coming back to your monopoly question, I wonder if the biggest blockchain games are the ones that are going to have the biggest and the deepest economies, the most liquidity, and hence we still get winner-takes-all? I would disagree with this thesis, because we have the freedom of our own assets, as in we are able to move them from place to place, it actually forces the networks to be as good as possible to the end user. I’m not saying you can’t appeal to millions of customers, but I think as we’ve seen with human nature, we have a preference for multiple fashion brands and multiple gaming experiences and multiple other things. The issue we’ve had in the past is we couldn’t properly sustain them",Blockchain
"Because in web3, we can shift liquidity from place to place, the customer is broadly available. You can always do vampiric attacks. OpenSea is a great example",Web3
"OpenSea could have maintained leadership if it had done right to the community. If it had enforced royalty rights, for instance, it would have maintained a certain set of community. My point is the customer base is not stuck with OpenSea, and that’s true for anything, DeFi, blockchain gaming, you can give rewards to anyone. If someone has a bunch of Axies, another game can give them a benefit because they think their game is more fun","Blockchain, DeFi"
"In web3, we’re creating a capitalist framework, which is open and one where you can’t have monopolies easily form monopolies. What can you say about theMoca Foundation? I can’t say too much, but it’s a foundation. It’s set up in a manner that is true to the spirit of decentralization","Web3, Decentralization"
"AndMocaversewill work very closely with it, but that’s all I can really say at this moment in time. Stay tuned, I guess. More generally, I suppose you always need some structure until you get to decentralized governance? This is one thing that people say, that the ApeCoin DAO was a failure but I disagree","DAO, Decentralized Governance"
"It’s a $2.2 billion DAO, high liquidity, probably one of the highest active engagements. I agree that there’s many things that could be better but I would also say that when you think about the decision-making that’s taking place at Apecoin DAO, the level of information that comes through the review processes, it’s one of the most, if not the most, democratic NFT culture. It’s run by fully elected people",DAO
"This is a feature of web3 that there’s a point where the more decentralized you become and the more community-owned you really are, the more valuable you become. Going back to our earlier comments around meme coins, what makes meme coins so interesting? Yes, which will succeed, but because they’re community-owned and because they are truly decentralized, the spirit of it, there’s a life that simply doesn’t extinguish because the community is the one that keeps it alive or not. There is an interesting correlation, which I haven’t analyzed deeply, but an interesting correlation between decentralization and value formation and capital formation","Web3, Decentralization"
"The fact it’s built in a voxel model means that it is much more composable than probably any of the other metaverses. If you build a metaverse in high fidelity, it’s beautiful and it’s strong and it’s great but the ability to construct freely on top of it, in Lego-like ways is harder. That’s also the reason whyThe Sandboxwas able to add more non-coding style tools because you have flexibility in the interface",Metaverse
"It was also a strong lesson for us. We thought the agreement was pretty clear but if you don’t have consensus with the IP holder… We did the deal with F1 in 2018, 2019. We were ahead of our time. Back then, everyone was like, what’s NFTs? Let’s give it a go",NFTs
"We thought our agreement was pretty clear but license holders have their ways. When you have these big sponsorship deals and someone else wants those NFT rights too, suddenly you’re in the situation where you don’t have ownership rights, which is the whole point of web3. Generally that’s why we’ve been backing web3 native projects, whetherBored Apes, orMocaverseorCool Cats",Web3
"Arguably it was an attempt to create a gaming meme. That’s the spirit of it. However, we learned that the TOWER community primarily consists of web2 gamers who have learned about web3 for the first time",Web3
"So our lesson here is we need to bring in more web3 native folks into the ecosystem because these people are generally financially literate. Because we ended up creating another web2 game that just has some web3 features, there was onchain traffic but not trading. No-one was doing web3 things because the web2 user doesn’t know what web3 is, they’re not financially literate. We forget sometimes that most people in the world don’t have a stock portfolio, don’t understand investing, don’t understand how money works",Web3
"I think web2 gamers, who are rejecting NFTs and blockchain, what they’re actually rejecting is capitalism inside their digital ecosystems. The thing I observe about western game designers versus, let’s call them more eastern game designers, is that many of them are quite socialist in their thinking. They’re very merit-based","Blockchain, NFTs"
"But in Asia, we don’t have this problem, which is why the growth is coming from this region for the time being. Data fiend and editor-at-large Jon Jordan has been writing/speaking about the games industry since 1999.  He predicts blockchain is the next great disruption and was the launch editor of BlockchainGamer.biz",Blockchain
"Jon is a games industry veteran: ex-Edge, Develop, Gamasutra, Seeking Alpha, PocketGamer.biz. You can contact him via[email protected] Prev Post Wemade adds Chainlink CCIP integration ahead of Night Crows’ launch Next Post Soccerverse launches final open beta Foonie Magus CEO Frank Cheng on his inspirations and aspirations for Apeiron Building fully onchain games with Cartridge’s Starknet-based dev tools Why SolForge Fusion is adding blockchain to boost community ownership Blocklords’ David Johansson on launching LRDS token, dealing with bots and the… Comments are closed. FEATURED ICOs Hoard Trending Stories How The Sandbox is expanding UGC for indie devs and creators TreasureDAO ditches Arbitrum to build on ZKsync Fly Penguin taps up Ludo for sushi RPG Edomae Monsters’ launch Blockchaingamer.biz dedicated to illuminating and explaining the world of blockchain technology as applied in the games space","Blockchain, Blockchain Technology"
"Contact us:[email protected] Profiles How Pixels grows beyond 1 million DAUWs How Stardust is helping blockchain devs onboard one… How Guild of Guardians moves from launch into… Tokens SPORT Token will power Lympo’s GameFi system… Blockchain giant Wemade enters the stablecoin market… Animoca Brands’ PRIMATE Token is listed on Huobi… Welcome, Login to your account. Recover your password. A password will be e-mailed to you.","Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"In the year since Brave New Coin last caught up with Yat Siu, Co-founder and Chairman of Animoca Brands, the company has been at the forefront of shaping the future of Web3 and beyond. As the crypto world gears up for a bustling conference season, we sat down with Yat to learn more about the company’s groundbreaking initiatives - from stablecoins to strategic partnerships - and the inside scoop on what’s next for the industry powerhouse. First up, the Hong Kong Stablecoin project Q:What attracted Animoca to working on astablecoin? A:We were drawn to the stablecoin project because it aligns perfectly with the mission of onboarding users to Web3","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Stablecoins, Stablecoins"
"Stablecoins bring essential liquidity to networks and provide critical access to decentralized exchanges (DEXs) and peer-to-peer services. They also offer an alternative to traditional payment systems, which often block third-party access and charge high fees. While lower fees are a key advantage, the real opportunity lies in offering value-added services","Stablecoins, Stablecoins"
"Stablecoins play a crucial role in making Web3 more accessible and competitive, particularly within Animoca’s Mocaverse ecosystem. Stablecoin regulation vs Crypto Exchange Regulation Q:Do you think the regulation of stablecoins displaces or replaces the need for regulation of crypto exchanges? A:You need both, in parallel. There is still a demand for investor education, and CEX’s are like the nursery ski slopes for new entrants","Web3, Stablecoins, Crypto Exchanges, Stablecoins, Stablecoin Regulation, Stablecoin Regulation"
"Often, their first experience of buying or trading crypto will be on a CEX, as it is relatively easy to deposit fiat funds – you don’t even need a stablecoin to do that. Q:How does Animoca Brands envision the role of stablecoins in the broader Web3.0, digital asset, metaverse and Digital Property Rights ecosystem? A:First of all, there has to be value in being on-chain – otherwise, why do it? Secondly, stablecoins will bring more inflows to crypto, initially via CEX platforms, but eventually P2P. Third, users will become accustomed to paying for Web3.0 goods and services with stablecoins – this also means that users will hold stablecoins for longer durations; once money is on-chain, it will stay there","Animoca Brands, Web3, Stablecoins, Metaverse, Stablecoins"
"Finally, access to and management of Digital Property Rights will be conducted via stablecoins, either directly or via other tokens and Web3.0 protocols Editor’s note: HK consumers will be used to the idea of “private label” stablecoins, since local currency is issued by commercial banks. The Government, through the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, authorises three commercial banks to issue currency notes in Hong Kong: The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited; the Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited; and the Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited.) MOCA and TON Q:How is thepartnershipbetween $MOCA coin and TON driving user adoption for Mocaverse? A:One of the main benefits is that it brings MOCA ID, which is a soul-bound reputation protocol, into the massive Telegram and TON network. With Telegram’s 900 million users, this opens up huge possibilities for Web3 adoption that we’ve never seen before","Web3, Stablecoins, Stablecoins"
"Traditional app platforms like Apple and Google often limit what you can do with NFTs and content payments, but partnering with TON lets developers create decentralized apps within Telegram, likeGamee, which is a great example of what’s possible. LayerZero Q:What is the significance of the LayerZero partnership and the $MOCA token launch? A:We often get asked “when Animoca chain” but we’re NOT building our own chain! Animoca is chain agnostic and supports cross-chain interoperability – specifically, MOCA ID brings omnichain capabilities and reputation. In essence, “transferable trust” which drives interoperability and network effects","NFTs, Interoperability"
"We ran severaltoken launchpads/pools(including MocaList, co-branded with CoinList)andBybit.$MOCA is a fungible token (FT) built on the LayerZero v2 protocol and LayerZero as an issuance platform enables Animoca to facilitate 3rd party token issuance (underwriting using Animoca’s reputation). An Animoca IPO? Q:Is the market likely to see an Animoca Initial Public Offering any time soon? A:While we do get asked about an Animoca IPO from time to time, the company is already a public entity with around 2,500 shareholders, mostly retail, but it’s not currently listed on any exchanges—just traded over-the-counter (OTC). There’s no certainty about an IPO, but Animoca might explore issuing a security token, which could act as a proxy stock for the crypto market, with a strong focus on Asia and Web3","Web3, Crypto Market"
"However, there are still technical, operational, and regulatory barriers that need to be addressed, especially regarding traditional finance (TradFi) exchanges and security tokens. For example, when Animoca launched the Mocaverse NFT collection, we encountered challenges in automating NFT distribution to shareholders due to limitations in online and on-chain verification, as well as shareholder familiarity with digital wallets. Bitcoin’s stablecoin evolution Q:What are your thoughts on the recent developments regarding stablecoins being integrated into the Bitcoin ecosystem via the Lightning Network? A:Recent Lightning developments bring utility to BTC’s core function as a store of value – but being able to pay for everyday goods and services with BTC is something of a paradox! Stablecoins on Bitcoin  only makes sense if it helps to bring a different audience to crypto","Bitcoin, Stablecoins, Wallets, TradFi, Stablecoins, Security Tokens, Lightning Network"
"For crypto natives and early adopters, who represent a new wealth class, they are looking for new ways to express themselves, via their personal interests and values. So, if these pursuits are being facilitated by enhancements to their Bitcoin experience, then it will gain traction.  Brave New Coin reaches 500,000+ engaged crypto enthusiasts a month through our website, podcast, newsletters, and YouTube",Bitcoin
"Election 2024 coverage presented by Singapore – Animoca Brands is hoping to go public soon, but the final decision on the timeline is dependent on a key component, the ""market’s status, amongst other"" aspects, the Web3 giant’s chairman Yat Siu told CoinDesk in Singapore on Monday. A major investor in the Web3 space, Animoca's plan to go public became known earlier this year but Siu said we had always wanted to do so. Areportin June said the location would be either Hong Kong or the Middle East","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3"
"Read More:Animoca Looks to Go Public in Hong Kong or Middle East in 2025: Report Edited bySam Reynolds. Disclosure Please note that ourprivacy policy,terms of use,cookies,anddo not sell my personal informationhas been updated.CoinDesk is anaward-winningmedia outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by astrict set of editorial policies.In November 2023,CoinDesk was acquiredby the Bullish group, owner ofBullish,a regulated, digital assets exchange","Cryptocurrency, Digital Assets"
"The Bullish group is majority-owned byBlock.one; both companies haveinterestsin a variety of blockchain and digital asset businesses and significant holdings of digital assets, including bitcoin.CoinDesk operates as an independent subsidiary with an editorial committee to protect journalistic independence. CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive options in the Bullish group as part of their compensation. Amitoj Singh is a CoinDesk reporter","Blockchain, Bitcoin, Digital Assets"
"About Stay Updated Get In Touch The Fine Print Please note that ourprivacy policy,terms of use,cookies,anddo not sell my personal informationhas been updated.CoinDesk is anaward-winningmedia outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by astrict set of editorial policies.In November 2023,CoinDesk was acquiredby the Bullish group, owner ofBullish,a regulated, digital assets exchange. The Bullish group is majority-owned byBlock.one; both companies haveinterestsin a variety of blockchain and digital asset businesses and significant holdings of digital assets, including bitcoin.CoinDesk operates as an independent subsidiary with an editorial committee to protect journalistic independence","Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, Digital Assets"
