Content,Tags
"Two major financial crowns meet before the Christmas festivities: Dubai and the Global Blockchain Show happening on the 12th and 13th of December. Dubai is living up to the UAE’s vision of being the leading crypto hub. What’s better? The blockchain enigma, Yat Siu, will make attendance Crypto has had quite a year, with the launch of spot Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs, the sentencing of Binance’s CZ and FTX’s SBF, and Caroline Ellison","Yat Siu, Blockchain, Bitcoin, Ethereum"
"The year comes with a decentralized finale at the Grand Hyatt Exhibition Centre, Dubai. The Global Blockchain Show will run from December 12th to 14th. It has circled in on the best Web3 trailblazers","Web3, Blockchain"
"Some keynote speakers include Yat Siu, the Co-Founder and Chairman of Animoca Brands. Advertisement Also, H.E. Justin Sun, Founder of TRON and a member of the HTX Global Advisory Board, Binance’s CMO Rachel Conlan, Dr","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands"
"Marwan Alzarouni, the CEO of Dubai Blockchain Center and  Dubai Economy & Tourism, and Jason Allegrante, the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer at Fireblocks, will make attendance as guest speakers. In addition, leading influential financial entities in the world will make the stop in Dubai. Yat has been passionate about tech and finance from the get-go",Blockchain
"He began his career at Atari Germany, then established Hong Kong Cybercity/Freenation. This is the first free web page and email provider in Asia. He strongly believes that the future of the internet lies in decentralization",Decentralization
"In an interview with the Talking Tokens podcast, Siu discussed the transition from centralized digital platforms to decentralized networks. Yat Siu’s stance on the shift toward decentralization is shaped by Animoca’s involvement in Web3 and his belief that pursuing this aim will fundamentally change digital property rights. He says, “We saw that we could now truly have true digital property rights as an ownership in our sort of gaming goods.” With Animoca, he has been behind games, including The Sandbox, Crazy Kings, and Crazy Defense Heroes","Yat Siu, Web3, Decentralization"
"In an interview in September, Yat hinted at Animoca Brands’ plan to go public, and soon. However, he said the timeline’s final decision depends on a key component, the “market’s status, amongst other” aspects. Advertisement Also Read: Dan Gallagher Poised to Replace Gensler as SEC Chair if Trump Wins Advertisement ",Animoca Brands
"The Cryptonomist interviewed Yat Siu, Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of Animoca Brands, to talk about the future of NFTs and metaverse thanks to gaming and education. Here below you will find our interview with him. Summary Generally speaking the trends that we think will drive this cycle is basically culture, very heavily driven towards gaming and of course distribution narratives","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Metaverse, NFTs"
"So that means that on the culture side whether it’s like GAMI or like Mocoverse, or digital identity, the gaming narratives are going to be big things because they’re going to onboard users. And in terms of distribution narratives, things like TON, for instance. Telegram helps solve a really big problem when it comes to Web3 user adoption and onboarding","Web3, Digital Identity"
"GAMI now has 3 million daily active users because of Telegram and the TON blockchain. So to me, those are some of the things that I think become really important drivers in all of this. I believe that over the next 12 to 18 months, we’re going to see over 100 million users join Web3 because of gaming that’s happening to distribution outlets like Telegram","Web3, Blockchain"
"So that’s one of the big trends to look at. So it’s quite consumer-focused and of course that means things like gaming, entertainment and also education ultimately will become very big narratives in Web3 over the next 12 to 18 months. I think when it comes to regulation, it depends on which markets we are operating in, right? So our focus has been Asia and somewhat the Middle East",Web3
"So the regulatory framework depends on where you are, right? And so we would say that since we don’t really operate that much out of the US for the time being, we don’t have as much of a regulatory concern around what we do in comparison to maybe some of our peers. Because in Hong Kong and in Japan and in Southeast Asia, where we operate a lot, that market in Asia has been quite friendly to Web3. The rules have been fairly clear",Web3
The evolution of the metaverse is centered very much around digital property rights. We think that’s the main focus for us. And that’s also the mission of the company,Metaverse
"We don’t think that the metaverse is around VR, AR, and goggles. That’s one way to access the metaverse. But that’s not the reason, that’s not the principal way that you engage with the metaverse",Metaverse
"The principal way to engage with the metaverse is by owning digital property. So in other words, if you’re in Web3, you own NFTs, you own tokens. From our vantage point, you’re already basically in what we call the open metaverse, in which you have digital property and you can begin to construct from that","Web3, Metaverse, NFTs"
"If you look at, for instance, like Play to Earn Gaming like Axie Infinity or Pixels, for instance, if you look at what’s happening with the NFT space at Mocaverse, these are growing ecosystems and more users are joining them. More people are being onboarded because of that. And as far as we’re concerned, these are already in the metaverse",Metaverse
"They’re just not Facebook’s version of the metaverse. They’re in the open metaverse, which is basically the Web2 metaverse. I would say when it comes to adoption, it is games and content",Metaverse
"NFT can be used in games, can be used for IP rights, can be used for a whole bunch of things, right? But at its core today, most of the NFTs, whether it’s a virtual land, or it’s a crypto punk, or it’s a Beople, right? What are they? Their status is, at this current moment in time, that they’re cultural capital, right?  In some ways, it’s not that different from owning a Ferrari, or a Birkin Bag, or a Rolex watch. You don’t buy a Rolex watch each time, you don’t buy a Birkin Bag, it tells something about the social status. So basically, what happens in this community construct is that when you have generated a lot of value in the native Web3 ecosystem, you want to signal your social status  as we do in the real world, based on the items that are representative of that generation and of that ecosystem","Web3, NFTs, Virtual Land, Web3 Ecosystem"
" So in other words, if I make money or if I achieve a certain status in Web3, I will want a board eight, or I will want a Cryptopunk.  So NFTs currently are doing about half a billion dollars of volume sales a month. So it’s obviously not as big as it used to be","Web3, NFTs"
"In some ways, Animoca is kind of almost like a DAO because we have to go through voting and everything in our registry. So we do want to go public, that’s a fact. But I did say it will probably be in 2025 or 2026",DAO
"Stay updated on all the news about cryptocurrencies and the entire world of blockchain. Let's tell the future.
The most exclusive news on Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, trading, fintech, and blockchain. Stay updated on all the news about cryptocurrencies and the entire world of blockchain","Blockchain, Bitcoin, FinTech"
"In a recent podcast, Yat Siu discusses how Web3 and digital property rights will redefine the internet’s future. Own this piece of crypto history Yat Siu, co-founder and chairman of Animoca Brands, strongly believes that the future of the internet lies in decentralization. In an interview on the Talking Tokens podcast, Siu expressed his views on the shift from centralized digital platforms to decentralized networks","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Decentralization"
"NFTs don’t always get taken very seriously, particularly now that AI and content creators are hogging the spotlight, but not everyone is so quick to discount crypto’s oft-derided younger sibling. According to Animoca Brands’ chairman and co-founder, Yat Siu, the growing influence of artificial intelligence and content is exactly why there is a growing need for NFTs in the world. Yes, we know that’s a bold claim, but before you roll your eyes, hear him out: Animoca has its own NFT collections, blockchain products and a collection of wildly popular games","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain, NFTs, AI, Artificial Intelligence"
"The company has also worked with other well-known brands and personalities like Disney, WWE, Power Rangers, The Walking Dead, Formula E and Snoop Dogg. Speaking on TechCrunch’s latest Chain Reaction episode, Siu said that NFTs are “digital stores of culture that we can then transform,” whether that’s something as simple as owning your value online or protecting your intellectual property. He explained that NFTs could be used to open up avenues for earning money from content while avoiding traditional paths to monetization, which could cost a lot of money",NFTs
"They’re making a small yield, and then investors from all over the world have said, ‘I’m going to buy this, I can make more value out of this,’” he added. That encapsulation of intellectual property rights can extend to everyone building their own IP by using NFTs, Siu said. For example, a dancer on TikTok can create a viral dancing trend, but without proof that they created it first, they couldn’t monetize it if they wanted to",NFTs
"“Web3 is so important, especially given the fact that AI is becoming such a prevalent part of our lives. Yet, we have no control over ownership of any of it,” Siu said. With blockchain technology, anyone can create a trademark or copyright claim on something that they had created, Siu said","Web3, Blockchain, Blockchain Technology, AI"
"“These are other ways in which you can start to defend your rights. That really empowers everyone to do that.” Of course, not everyone will find it easy to develop such an understanding of NFTs and the related tech quickly. But over time, Siu believes there will be more accessible routes to make this vision a reality for everyone",NFTs