1. You've all seen the bombastic headlines, the metaverse is dead
2. But is it actually true
3. I was certainly alarmed by the media reporting on the alleged demise on the industry in which I'm so involved in, so I thought I'd check in on the metaverse, see how it was doing
4. The metaverse is very young after all, and we should keep an eye on it
5. And what I found was that the metaverse was very much the same metaverse as last I checked, except it had grown bigger and more impactful
6. I saw a place where millions of people who had been financially excluded find employment and real economic opportunities
7. I saw a place where participants, either singly or in groups, formed complex systems that very much resembled the workings of modern capitalist societies
8. I saw a place last year that generated over 30 billion dollars of economic activity and had treasuries maintained by those same communities to the tune of 12 billion dollars
9. Now, let's put that a little bit in context
10. The metaverse has reserves just below that of the fiscal reserves of New Zealand and greater economic activity than the GDP of Cyprus, Iceland and a hundred other countries
11. The metaverse seems to be doing OK
12. But this may not be quite the metaverse that you're thinking of
13. You might be thinking of the metaverse as this 3D virtual reality immersive space with additional sensory stimulation
14. No, what I'm talking about is the open metaverse, powered by Web3 and blockchain
15. The treasuries that I'm referring to are the treasuries of DAOs, 12 billion dollars within control of its communities without any central authority
16. The banking system underlying the open metaverse is DeFi
17. You might have heard of decentralized finance before, but you may not have known that it is part and parcel of the open metaverse
18. All of this open metaverse is powered by blockchain and comprises part of what we describe as Web 3, which we firmly believe will be the future iteration of the internet, which is currently still mostly in the Web 2 stage
19. To access the open metaverse, you don't need fancy VR goggles
20. You just need plain old boring 2D screens, and you can enter a rich, thriving universe of capitalist economic societies that have virtual worlds, businesses, enterprises, experiences with millions of digital citizens
21. Our lives already have a very strong virtual component
22. In Asia, where I live, we spend over nine hours a day online
23. That is most of our waking hours
24. And perhaps for most of us, just think about what it is you do the first thing in the morning
25. But in this virtual reality, we are like serfs toiling on the lands of medieval lords
26. We have no ownership, no rights to speak of
27. Our digital existence
28. can be removed on any of these platforms at a moment's notice without any due process
29. Whenever we are online, we accrue value to networks that don't belong to us
30. We are farmed for our time, attention and creativity, and in so doing, generate large quantities of data
31. And data is the most valuable of resources
32. For starters, it's powering all of the AI that we've been hearing so much about
33. No data, no chat GPT, no self-driving cars
34. The entire foundation of the AI industry is built on top of our data
35. And not just AI
36. Every industry covers our data
37. Data is the new labor, and we're not being fairly compensated for it
38. We created it, but it is exclusively owned by the publishers and platforms today
39. That is the world of Web2 we live in today
40. But Web3 and blockchain can change that, because unlike Web2, we can now finally have true digital ownership
41. Ownership of things gives us corresponding economic freedoms
42. the freedom to transact, to do with as we please
43. It also allows us to partake in all the network effects related to the ownership of these things
44. Think about all the businesses that have been created just because we own things, such as the cars we have, houses we live in or even the phones
45. Ownership also speaks to our identity
46. We buy and purchase things because of what it means to us
47. Self-expression, ownership of these things, such as fashion, jewelry, and yes, even NFTs
48. A lot of people struggle with Web3 and NFTs because they see the prices at the higher end of things
49. They look at this bored ape and say, how can this be more valuable than this Birkenback, which is an actual real item
50. But people don't buy this Birkenback because they want to put stuff in it
51. 99 percent of its value is entirely virtual network effects, upheld by the community of Birkenback lovers who find them desirable and valuable
52. Its utility is a very distant second
53. And this is perhaps true for almost everything that we purchase in the real world
54. Owning the story
55. Owning a part of the culture, being a part of the community that forms part of our identity, is why we buy things
56. The same is true for the open metaverse
57. Ownership, identity, culture and community are far more important considerations for most of us than just its utility
58. And if this still feels far-fetched to you, consider this
59. Last year, the video game industry generated over 100 billion dollars of sales in virtual goods
60. And the fun fact is that all of the things that they purchased were predominantly cosmetic and whimsical in nature
61. Skins, trinkets, decorative items, things that make your virtual identities shine
62. Just ask your kids what they want for their next presence
63. But everything you purchase in those worlds and video games today, we don't own
64. That's 100 billion dollars of rental goods
65. NFTs can change that because now we can actually own these virtual goods
66. When you own an NFT, such as virtual land in the metaverse, you become a stakeholder
67. You become an owner
68. Any time you own an asset in Web3, it represents a stake in that network that you wish to participate in
69. Imagine every time you shared something on Instagram, for value you generated, you would receive a small stake in the network that would be that social network
70. Think of the open metaverse as the construction of new economies and new societies with a strong foundation of digital property rights
71. This presents us with a remarkable opportunity
72. to shift away from this current form of shareholder capitalism that has left so many people behind to this newer form of stakeholder capitalism, in which every participant can now also become an owner
73. This, to me
74. is what tokenization and Web3 is all about
75. That is the meaning of the open metaverse
76. Tokenization is perhaps also the best way in which you can protect our digital intellectual property rights
77. When Getty Images sued the creators of stable diffusion, they did so because they could tell that they were using their images to train their AI models
78. But they could only do so because stable diffusion was sloppy
79. They could see the Getty Images watermark all over the generated images
80. most of us won't be so lucky
81. Blockchain can help solve the provenance of our digital property and lay the foundation of protecting our rights
82. In this Web3 future, all of us can get to earn and own a piece of the equity on these networks that we construct and grow
83. All the data that we generate today
84. should be paying us an income and all the other benefits that property rights may bring
85. That is why Web3 is so often described as the internet of ownership
86. And ownership has always been
87. a key pillar to prosperity
88. There is a clear correlation between property rights and the wealth of nations
89. Countries such as Canada and the US that enjoy strong property rights have very high GDPs, high wealth, strong entrepreneurial and capitalist activities compared to those countries that have very low property rights, that tend to have low GDPs and also tend to be the poorest in the world
90. Countries with strong property rights also have correspondingly much higher freedoms
91. True digital property rights provides us with a chance to create a fairer, more inclusive form of capitalism, one that can still provide all the incentives to help entrepreneurship and innovation flourish, as capitalism has done for centuries before
92. This can already be seen in the digital context
93. Last year, NFTs generated over 24 billion dollars of sales
94. The majority of that went to the creators and owners of these NFTs
95. Web2 platforms, such as Spotify, paid only a third of that to its creators in that same year
96. George Washington famously wrote, freedom and property rights are inseparable
97. You can't have one without the other
98. The same is true for the virtual real
99. In order to ensure our digital freedom, that we not be slaves to either platforms or any of the future AIs, we must also have true digital property rights
