content	keywords
Yat Siu (Chinese: 蕭逸; born 1973) is a Hong Kong–based entrepreneur and angel investor, who was born and raised in Vienna, Austria.	angel investor
Yat Siu's mother, who was from Taiwan and was born in Lisbon, Portugal, conducted for an orchestra. His father, who was born in Hong Kong, first was an instrumentalist and then became a businessman.	mother
"He studied at the Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna.	Arts University
He trained specifically in the cello, flute, and piano. According to the South China Morning Post, he ""implies he was pushed"" into becoming a musician like his mother and father.	musician
His initial job was at Atari Germany.	Atari
Years later Siu became a director and head of East Coast Operations for Lexicor, as well as AT&T Solutions System Integration practice.	Lexicor
"After moving to Hong Kong, he founded Cybercity, an Internet and email provider, in 1996.	Cybercity
The company was later renamed to Freenation, which the South China Morning Post called ""Asia's first free web page and e-mail provider"".	Freenation
Yat Siu is also the CEO and Founder of the game-company Outblaze and co-founder of Animoca and Animoca Brands.	Animoca
In 2009 he sold a part of his business to IBM's Lotus Software Division which opened its first cloud computing laboratory in Hong Kong with the assets it acquired from Outblaze.	Lotus Software
Animoca Brands was worth 2.2 billion dollars in its last funding round.	Animoca
He is a member of the advisory board of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) and on the board of directors for the Asian Youth Orchestra.	BAFTA
In 2023 Yat Siu has been appointed to the Task Force on Promoting Web3 Development newly established by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.	Web3
He is currently serves as a director at the Dalton Foundation, an organization that oversees the operation of the progressive and child-centered Dalton School Hong Kong.	Dalton
Time tight for Outblaze chief; Despite a couple of false starts, hard work has quickly established wunderkind as a local Internet heavyweight"".	Outblaze
How Outblaze Outlasted the Bubble	Yat Siu
"If you haven't heard of this $2.2b crypto co-founder you soon will". Australian Financial Review.	crypto
"Cyber success - Passion, ambition, drive and luck helped propel Hong Kong technology pioneer Yat Siu to the top, writes Chris Davis"".	Hong Kong
"Internet whizz Yat Siu on programming at 13 and landing a job at Atari as a schoolboy"".	Yat Siu
"Hong Kong Blockchain Game Maker Animoca Hits $2.2 Billion Valuation Amid NFT Mania"".	Animoca
"Task Force on Promoting Web3 Development established".	Web3
Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.	Hong Kong