content	keywords
In 2022, Animoca Brands was valued at $6 billion. Yat Sius Net Worth Year Net Worth 2023 $100 million Early Life Yat Siu was born in Vienna, Austria in 1973. His mother is from Taiwan and was born in Lisbon, Portugal	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
However, his father was born in Hong Kong. Initially, Siu senior was an instrumentalist before he ventured into business	Yat Siu
However, Yat Siu studied at the Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna. While at the University, he learned to play cello, flute, and piano. Despite his parents wish for him to venture into music, Yat Siu chose a different path	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
He had his job at Atari in Germany. Later on, Siu relocated to Hong Kong and became a director and head of East Coast Operations for Lexicor	Yat Siu, Atari
In 1996, he founded Cybercity in Hong Kong. The firm focused on providing internet and email services	Yat Siu
According to our findings, people usually refer to Cybercity as Asias first free web page and e-mail provider. In 1997, Yat Siu joined AT&T Solutions System Integration. However, he left the firm around 1998 to establish Outblaze	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The firm focuses on the development of innovative web-based multilingual white-label communication and collaboration services. Although Outblaze was heavily affected by the dotcom bubble, it managed to survive owing to the steady leadership of Siu. Under Yat Sius guidance, Outblaze enjoyed the support of over 75 million end-users	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
In April 2009, Yat Siu sold Outblaze messaging assets to IBM. Later, IBM used the assets to establish its first cloud computing laboratory in Hong Kong. Animoca Brands The development of Animoca Brands can be traced back to 2011	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Then, Animoca, a mobile games developer, raised funds through a Series A round led by Intel Capital and IDG-Accel. In 2014, Yat Siu and David Kim collaborated to establish Animoca Brands	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Initially, Animoca Brands focused on game software and venture capital with its base in Hong Kong. Yat Siu became the executive chairman of the firm	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Meanwhile, during the early years of Animoca Brands, it developed various mobile games. In 2018, the firm took a different dimension and ventured into blockchain gaming and NFTs. Due to that, Yat Siu attained a high level of prominence in the industry	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
Meanwhile, the firms change of business direction was due to the growing attention on blockchain innovations. Siu conceived the idea of integrating the firms experience as a mobile game developer into the blockchain arena	Web3, Atari
Notably, the firm was able to cement its presence in the new industry. It released projects like Crazy Kings, Crazy Defense Heroes worldwide	Yat Siu
Also, the firm recorded $2.8 million in revenue in the first three months. The firm was encouraged by the manner of acceptance of the two projects and consequently launched another in 2018. The project, OliveX exists as a fitness metaverse company commissioned to design mobile games to gamify the fitness industry	Animoca Brands
However, Animoca Brands spun off from the company in August 2020. In the same year, Animoca Brands raised $1 million from Sun Hung and $500,000 from a partner identified as Lympo. The firm utilized the funds to further enhance its presence in the blockchain industry	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Later in 2018, Animoca Brands announced the completion of a $547,000 placement to institutional and sophisticated investors. The company segregated the funds to support its investment in artificial intelligence accelerator, Zeroth.ai. Animoca Brandss Crazy Kings app to hit Chinese Android handsets	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
It leveraged the funds from these angel investors to expand its focus and consequently introduced various game-changing initiatives. In 2019, Animoca Brands raised $2.01 million in cash and cryptocurrency for the development of its metaverse platform, The Sandbox	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Notable investors like Square Enix, B Cryptos, and True Global Ventures contributed to the strategic investment. By investing in The Sandbox, Yat Siu and Animoca Brands aim to explore the metaverse and virtual reality sphere. The investment focus was a result of the growing interest in virtual and augmented reality	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Notably, Animoca Brand focused on equipping The Sandbox with thrilling features to enable players to build and monetize their gaming experience using its native crypto, SAND. In May 2019, Animoca Brands also raised another $2.5 million to strengthen the development of The Sandbox. The following year, the firm launched the blockchain racing ERC-20 utility token REVV on Uniswap	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
This token enjoyed a good acceptance in the crypto market, and therefore was listed on several prominent crypto exchanges. All these efforts helped foster the reputation of Animoca Brands in the crypto industry	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The firm, under the leadership of Yat Siu, continued to push for the global acceptance of blockchain, gamefi, and cryptocurrency. In an effort to pursue this goal, Animoca Brands raised funds through an investment round. Remarkably, it completed the first tranche of the investment worth $88.8 million in May 2021	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Meanwhile, the second tranche which was worth $50 million was closed around July 2021. Later in 2021, Animoca Brands raised another $65 million at a valuation of $2.2 billion from Ubisoft, Sequoia Capital, and some other top investors	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Then, the crypto, NFT, gamefi and metaverse spheres were enjoying substantial attention from investors around the globe. However, The Sandbox, at that period, was enduring tough competition with Decentraland, another prominent metaverse platform. In a bid to help it thrive amid the competition, Animoca Brands injected $93 million into The Sandbox. Later, Animoca Brands partnered Binance to initiate a $200 million investment program for blockchain games	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
However, the 2022 bear market forced the firm to reduce its investment effort in the industry. Then, Animoca Brands pulled the plug on its F1 Delta Time game after lamenting about its low patronage	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Before the closure, the game once held the record for being the most expensive NFT. It is with deep regret that we announce that F1® Delta Time will cease operations on 16 March 2022. While we have not been able to renew our license, we will ensure that current owners of F1® Delta Time assets are rewarded for their loyalty and support	Web3
Despite recording a remarkable growth over the years, Animoca Brands became the subject of unwanted controversy in June 2022. Then, it was charged for refusing to report its annual and half-yearly financial reports to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
However, the setback didnt deter investors from supporting its initiatives. In the same year, it received $110 million in a funding round led by GGV Capital. In May 2023, Animoca Brands granted Altava Group the license to use some of its NFTs	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Altava leveraged on the firms advanced digital property rights for open metaverse to use its Bored Ape Yacht Club NFTs. In June 2023, Siu in reaction to the SECs clampdown on crypto, said the firm will leave the U.S market. According to the executive chairman, the activities of the SEC is hostile and could affect the growth of the industry. Yat Sius Efforts Towards Web3 Development Yat Siu is regarded as one of those at the forefront of web3 adoption	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
On numerous occasions, the investor voiced his strong support for a decentralized web. To every extent, he has continued to use Animoca Brands to pursue his interest in the web3 space. In December 2022, Animoca Brands purchased a majority stake in a music metaverse platform, Pixelynx Inc., a subsidiary of PIXELYNX	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
There, he explained how he has been able to leverage Animoca brands to open up opportunities enveloped in web3. The co-founder advocated for the swift adoption of web3 to avoid the continuous dominance of big tech companies	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
He described how Web2 companies are combating the adoption of web3 due to the revenue they generate from users patronage. Yat Siu highlighted the need for all web3 industry participants to collaborate and push for the adoption of the sphere. As part of the efforts toward achieving this, Siu leveraged Animoca Brands to launch Club3	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
According to the firm, the platform will serve as a private member-only club for web3 enthusiasts and will be used as a meeting arena for active participants in the industry. Meanwhile, Siu has specifically targeted Asia and the Middle East in his quest to facilitate web3 development. This is due to how various governments and institutions in the aforementioned regions have supported the initiative	Web3
In March 2023, Animoca Brands invested in Nuqtah, a prominent NFT marketplace. With the investment, Animoca Brands intended to ensure the participation of local artists and tech enthusiasts in the blockchain sphere of Saudi Arabia. While speaking about the investment, Yat Siu referred to it as another remarkable step in Animoca Brands commitment to develop the web3 space in the Middle East	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The firm assisted Emergent in key areas like governance, tokenomics, business strategy, strategic partnership development, and marketing. In May 2023, Animoca Brands signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with STC Play. The MOU is a commercial agreement that provided Animoca brands with the needed infrastructure to distribute blockchain games in the Middle East	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The collaboration, according to Yat Sui, surfaced as part of the firms expansion into the Middle East. He added that Animoca Brands will leverage the partnership to ensure the advancement of the web3 sphere in the region	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The newly launched game is available for free on its website and has been fully optimized to suit the preferences of mobile and web players. According to the Web3 platform, the game provides players with a renewed version of their favorite classic game. Above all, Sius contributions to the advancement of the Web3 space have been invaluable	Web3
Hence, it is no surprise that he was recognized as one of the top members of the ForbesWeb3 inner circle. Is Yat Siu Pro Crypto? Apart from being popular as a web3 entrepreneur, Yat Siu is also a committed advocate of crypto and blockchain. He is one of those who believe in the potential of crypto to improve the existing system in the financial world and help grant access to the unbanked across the world	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
In recent years, Siu demonstrated a huge commitment to fostering the development of online gaming, blockchain, cryptocurrencies, and non-fungible tokens. He understands that the gaming ecosystem is very important to facilitate the widespread adoption of crypto and NFTs. Driven by this idea, Siu co-founded a venture capital, Animoca Brands which has now invested strategically in more than 340 projects spanning finance, gaming, metaverse, crypto, and blockchain. Today, Animoca Brands owns The Sandbox, a metaverse-based gaming platform and has also bought a stake in Dapper Labs, the parent company of Cryptokitties	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
Also, the firm currently backs Axie Infinity, a leading crypto game as well as OpenSea, popular as one of the largest NFT marketplaces in the world. These and many more speak volumes about Sius commitment to transforming the digital space at large	Web3
Meanwhile, his inestimable efforts have not only earned him fame but have also established him as one of the leaders in the industry. Occasioned by his status in the industry, Siu usually receives scores of invitations to grace and deliver keynote speeches at various blockchain and web3 conferences. The co-founder finds no problem in devoting his time to attend these events in a bid to speak about the future potential of web3, crypto, NFTs and blockchain	Web3
For instance, around 2023, he delivered an electric speech at the WOW Summit Conference in Hong Kong. This conference was initiated to provide a networking opportunity and a platform for tycoons in the evolving web3 space to share substantial ideas. While at the conference, Siu spoke extensively on the various efforts by Animoca Brands to onboard billions of users into web3	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
He said Animoca Brands has continued to show interest in startups with the potential to aid the mass adoption of web3 and contribute to the open metaverse. According to him, the goal is to strip power from the tech monopolies of web2 so as to ensure the return of online ownership of digital properties to users. He described web3 as the future of the internet that will thrive on blockchain and called on other proponents to come together in a bid to strengthen the presence of the space. Also, Siu, in his speech on the potential of crypto, referenced the banking crisis in the U.S., stressing that the development places crypto as the safety net for investors. If you take a look at what happened recently with the whole development with Silicon Valley Bank, which was obviously shocking, and with Credit Suisse being taken over by UB Sactually the narrative was played out quite differently for crypto	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
It started to actually bifurcate as some people had predicted, which is that sort of future, lets say, safety net, he said. Meanwhile, the tech expert was also one of the keynote speakers at the 2023 Ethereum Community Conference which started on July 17 and ended on July 20, 2023. He will also speak at the Future Blockchain Summit in Dubai around October 2023. In recognition of his efforts toward the advancement of the digital space, Siu was recently appointed as a member of a task force established by the Hong Kong authorities to foster the development of web3	Web3, Yat Siu
The task force is led by Hong Kong Financial Secretary Paul Chan and comprises 15 representatives from various market sectors. In his acceptance speech, Siu said I am honored to be appointed to the Task Force and I look forward to contributing to this forward-thinking initiative. The task force firmly establishes Hong Kong as the leading example of a mature and highly modernized economy that embraces the remarkable opportunities presented by Web3, blockchain, virtual assets, and the open metaverse. I believe that the work of the task force will help to shape not only Hong Kong but also globally in the adoption of blockchain technologies, particularly in the areas of regulation, ecosystem building, industry development, and talent development, he added. Meanwhile, Siu, in recent times, has been vocal about the ongoing efforts by authorities across the globe to regulate the sector	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Around May, he reacted to the white paper on web3 development published by Beijing authorities, describing it as a foundation for transforming the crypto sector in mainland China. In the white paper, the Beijing government affirms its willingness to strengthen policy support and seek technological breakthroughs so as to support the industry. In reaction, Siu said I think it could be viewed as an avenue eventually laying the groundwork for perhaps people in China to also participate officially and legally in the ownership and acquisition of digital assets through Hong Kong. The Animoca Brands co-founder is also one of those crypto leaders who expressed reservations about the tough stance of the U.S	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
government on the industry. In a 2023 interview, he spoke about how Hong Kong will be a beneficiary of the regulatory confusion in the United States	Yat Siu
According to him, the gradual change in Hong Kongs stance on crypto and web3 will put the city in a position to attract development to its jurisdiction. Unlike Hong Kong, Siu believes the U.S. has been inconsistent in its approach to regulate the volatile sector	Web3, Yat Siu
He said; The SEC doesnt seem to be wanting to be consistent about this, in contrast to Hong Kong, or other jurisdictions like Japan, the Middle East or even Europe, which have rules that are starting to become consistent. In another interview, he spoke about how cryptos PR issue in America is being driven by the countrys attitude towards another C word: capitalism. Siu argues that the situation is different in Asia where people have adopted capitalism after failing with other economic and political systems. The no-coiners thing is predominantly a Western narrative	Yat Siu
Its much more predominant in America and Europe. In Asia, we dont have that And I think a lot has to do with peoples perspectives towards capitalism, he said. However, Siu has no doubt about the potential of crypto to even save the Westerns capitalist perception issue in the future. I think Web3 and crypto can save the capitalist narrative, he says. They can reintroduce the value of democracy”which, frankly, a lot of people have started to lose faith in, more so in the West”[back into capitalism]. Crypto & NFT Holdings Of Yat Siu Just like other leaders in the industry, Yat Siu also has a crypto portfolio	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
However, he prefers to conceal information about his crypto holdings and its overall value from the public domain. But, Siu has, in recent years, expressed bullish views about Bitcoin and Ethereum, thus fueling speculations from various sections of the media that he holds some. As a matter of fact, one of the sources describes him as an early investor in Bitcoin	Yat Siu
If this is anything to go by, then we can affirm that the massive rise in the value of the token in recent years must have influenced the net worth of Yat Siu. Recall that scores of prominent Bitcoin investors made their fortunes through the surge which triggered the value of the token to thousands of dollars. That said, Siu is also bullish about NFTs	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Over the years, he leveraged Animoca Brands to strategically invest in NFT gaming. He also has an NFT portfolio but has chosen to keep the details from the public. Yat Siu Net Worth “ Our Verdict Yat Siu is one of the individuals that have provided leadership for the crypto and web3 community	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
He strongly believes in a digital economy that takes away the monopoly of big techs and returns online ownership of digital properties to users. This thus explains why he has been leveraging Animoca Brands to invest in web3 as well as the development of the open metaverse	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
On numerous occasions, Siu pledged not to rest until power is fully stripped from the likes of Google, Apple, and so on whom he described as digital dictators. Meanwhile, his developmental activities in the industry have earned him a fortune. Today, Yat Siu is one of the millionaires in the sphere, with a net worth of about $100 million. FAQs Who founded Animoca Brands? Animoca Brands was established by Yat Siu and David Kim in 2014. What's the 2023 net worth of Yat Siu? According to credible sources, the 2023 net worth of Yat Siu is around $100 million. Who is the executive chairman of Animoca Brands? The executive chairman of Animoca Brands is Yat Siu. Olaleye Komolafe PRO INVESTOR Author Olaleye is a professional reporter with vast experience in web3, cryptocurrencies, and NFT journalism	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
He enjoys writing about the evolving metaverse sphere and the prevalence in the crypto sphere. Notably, some of his contents have been published in numerous international publications	Animoca Brands
Away from the crypto world, Olaleye is a political scientist and a lover of football. View all posts by Olaleye Komolafe Take Informed Investment Decisions Search & Compare Brokers within Crypto, Blockchain & Financial Services Beginners - Start Here 300+ Top Bitcoin Exchanges How to Buy Bitcoin 300+ Best Bitcoin Wallets Top NFTs to Buy Latest News About About Us Contact Sales Team Crunchbase Profile Our Authors Risk Disclaimer Popular Guides Best Crypto to Buy Now How to Buy Bitcoin How to Buy Cryptocurrency Low Market Cap Cryptos Compare Best Crypto Exchanges Binance Alternatives Coinbase Alternatives Binance vs Coinbase Trading Platforms Guide Best Platforms Binance Bybit Coinbase Kraken MEXC OKX Crypto promotions on this site do not comply with the UK Financial Promotions Regime and is not intended for UK consumers. Note that the content on this site should not be considered investment advice	Web3
Investing is speculative. When investing your capital is at risk it offers mobile users a convenient way to predict the future price of the BNB (BNB) token. The new prediction bot was launched due to a growing interest in prediction markets, the PancakeSwap team told Cointelegraph: We decided to release our Prediction Telegram bot to tap into the growing interest in prediction markets and the popularity of Telegram bots among crypto enthusiasts, offering a convenient and mobile-friendly way to stay engaged with the market. Prediction Telegram Bot. Source: PancakeSwap Interest in prediction markets has surged once again as the 2024 US presidential election, scheduled for Nov	Yat Siu
5, approaches. The elections outcome could have significant regulatory implications for the cryptocurrency sector. Related: Over 86% of Web3 professionals are confident in the future of crypto Consensys Prediction markets are booming ahead of US elections The growing interest in betting markets is clear when looking at the growing value locked in Polymarket, the worlds largest predictions market. Polymarkets total value locked (TVL) reached a new all-time high of $123.4 million on Sept	Web3
11, according to DefiLlama data. Polymarket total value locked, 2024 year-to-date chart. Source: DefiLlama Since the beginning of 2024, Polymarkets TVL has skyrocketed over 1,155% to the current $121 million from just $9.6 million on Jan	Web3
1. While PancakeSwaps Telegram bot is only launching with BNB-related predictions, the team is looking to add support for more chains based on user feedback and market conditions, the PancakeSwap team told Cointelegraph. The launch comes shortly before PancakeSwaps fourth birthday. To celebrate, users who participate in Telegram bot predictions on Sept	Yat Siu
22 can qualify for a share of the $4,444 worth of rewards. Related: Bitcoin price eyes last dip before October breakout: Analysts Telegram Mini Apps are popularizing crypto with the mainstream Telegram-based Mini Apps are shaping up as a net positive for the crypto industry, thanks to their potential to onboard new mainstream users to the Web3 space. This is because onboarding the next 500 million users will require simple apps with actual usability, like Telegram Mini Apps, which could be a Trojan horse for mass adoption, according to Justin Hyun, the director of investments at The Open Network Foundation. Hyun told Cointelegraph: But bringing 500 million people on-chain by 2028 ” which is our goal ” is going to require use cases that interact with the blockchain without the user knowing that in the front end. Telegram and Telegram-based games like Hamster Kombat could also bolster mass blockchain adoption, according to Yat Siu, co-founder and chairman of Animoca Brands. Siu told Cointelegraph in an interview: With platforms like Telegram and TON [The Open Network], you have the ability to boost that [Web3 adoption] because they dont have those restrictions. Those clear games are the demonstration of the first generations of games that will bring us mass adoption into Web3. The Truth on Hamster Kombat: Revolution or Scam? Source: YouTube Magazine: Clicker games to fade post-airdrop, Is Hamster Kombat any good? Web3 Gamer Explore more articles like this Subscribe to our Crypto Biz newsletter Weekly snapshot of key business trends in blockchain and crypto, from startup buzz to regulatory shifts	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
And so (Web2) economies ” despite the size that they are, being very large, obviously, and companies like Facebook and so on ” are still equivalent to that of a sort of despotic, feudal society. In other words, the economic size is small. According to Siu, confidence in Web3 technology remains high despite the Crypto Winter, and he says the current bear market may turn out to be an opportunity for the industry, leading to a more decentralized and democratic future than Web2. When you look at the investing scene, despite the fact that it appears like this pullback, most of the pullback is in traditional business models, in the Web2 space	Web3, Atari
In Web3, people are still investing very heavily Its still, I would argue, a pretty healthy climate. And, in fact, for companies like us, theres even better opportunities to have because now the competition isnt quite the same, Siu said	Web3
And the reason why is because I think its not just about the opportunity, of course, the disruption, what Web3 is. Its also the fact that people believe more blockchain should go where Web3 is going, where the metaverse is going People dont like what theyre seeing in Web2	Web3, Animoca Brands
They feel the threat that its arranged in their society ” the threat to democracy, the threat to our personal rights, or the fact that we dont have, actually, any digital freedoms whatsoever. He said that by introducing digital property rights with technologies like non-fungible tokens (NFTs), new economies can be created that empower ordinary people. Watch Sius full interview with Forkast Editor-in-Chief Angie Lau to learn more about how Web3 can foster financial literacy, help people such as teachers to gain digital ownership as content creators, what decentralization means for metaverses, and how Axie Infinity is faring amid the Crypto Winter. Highlights Pixels and property: So, the ecosystem that were building is all about delivering traditional property rights to all We believe that ownership generally is a driver of innovation and is the driver of growth overall, in the same sense that property rights in actual countries that actually do have real property rights and enduring ones, they have very good economies, and the ones that dont tend to have very small economies And so (Web2) economies ” despite the size that they are, being very large, obviously, and companies like Facebook and so on ” are still equivalent to that of a sort of despotic, feudal society. And what happens when you have people owning assets and people can construct their own network effects on top of it? Lessons in lucre: (Axie Infinity) just demonstrated how a society like the Philippines ” most of those people dont have a university degree that ended up playing Axie, nor do they have a strong education in this area of financial education ” however, they were completely able to sort of grasp the use of a crypto wallet and start playing and making money ” in this case, playing Axie Infinity ” helping them survive basically the Covid crisis at the time	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
So, it just shows that its not really sort of a difficult thing. In fact, I would argue that learning how to use, for instance, MetaMask at the time, or using basically Axie Infinity is much, much easier than opening up a physical bank account, for instance. Tokens for teachers: Our most recent acquisition is a really exciting Israeli-based education company called TinyTap	Yat Siu
TinyTap has created, Id say, the worlds largest mobile teacher marketplace And so what they built was a kind of Netflix-type marketplace model where people can basically subscribe to this content Now that this content generates a kind of yield, the value that a teacher receives might only be a couple of hundred or maybe US$1,000 a year But if it now becomes an asset-generating yield in which you can actually give it the kind of capital formation that property rights can give, then you might be willing to pay for a 10% yield 10 times the amount In some ways, you could say its not that different from NFT art, nor is it that different from blockchain games, but its just moving it into new segments. Decentralized metaverse: I think at this point, its already been established that Web3, or, more specifically, the metaverse, is the sort of next iteration of the internet. And I think theres a little bit of a battle going on in terms of what that should look like	Web3, Animoca Brands
And we very much believe in the decentralized version of this And what we want to prevent is that people are going to create sort of an API-based, permission-based, metaverse alliance where people give access to each other and then they can turn it off whenever they want to, almost like sort of a trade war style. Its supposed (to be) that the end user actually has most of the agency	Web3, Animoca Brands
Its their assets. You cant take it away from them and they have the freedom to move where it is. GameFi, game on: My perspective on the Axie drop is a blip. Because people are like, ˜Oh my goodness, its dropped from US$160 as a token. But people forget that, say, when the token was listed, barely maybe two some years ago, it was $0.10, so its all relative to sort of the broad bracket	Animoca Brands
So then the question becomes: ˜What is your conviction in a game like Axie or any other game, for that matter, for the long term? So, the macro picture from our perspective is that we still only have millions of people in the blockchain gaming space, in the metaverse, in the open metaverse, and you have today 3.4 billion gamers. Transcript Angie Lau: There are dreamers, and then there are doers. Well, Web3 is making it possible to turn all your dreams into reality, even if its an augmented one	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
And one firm thats been doing this and working tirelessly since 2014 ” building tokens, games, metaverses, incubating innovation, creating a whole new ecosystem, really ” is one firm that we are sitting down with today ” a unicorn, if you will. Today we find out whats next. Welcome to Word on the Block, the series that takes a deeper dive into blockchain and all the emerging technologies that shape our world at the intersection of business, politics and economy	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
Its what we cover right here on Forkast. Im Editor-in-Chief Angie Lau. Well, today were in conversation with Yat Siu, co-founder and executive chairman of Hong-Kong-based unicorn Animoca Brands ” 200 Web3 brands, to be precise, companies and projects, and more are coming	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Thanks for joining us, Yat. Its been a while Its great to catch up with you. Two-hundred and counting ” its incredible to see what youve built. Yat Siu: Well, thank you so much Its a great pleasure being here. And, in fact, I need to update you on the number Its 340-plus at this point. I remember when you first interviewed me on sort of the idea and the vision of Animoca brands. I think that was maybe 2019 It was quite some time ago. And its been quite a blessing and a privilege to see just how the industry has grown to where it is today And at the core of it, its still the same mission ” just to deliver true digital property rights to all. And I think back then ” and its still very much playing out right now ” we felt that approaching it from the gaming angle originally was the best way to obtain and get mass adoption into the space, because gamers already had a sense of virtual ownership. Of course, were still at the early innings of all this, but its really exciting to see where it is	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
And when we spoke some years ago, our organization was maybe, like, 150 people. Today, we are 900 people worldwide We have, obviously, many large projects that you might know of, such as The Sandbox. Were involved, obviously, with our partnership with Yuga Labs and our involvement with Apecoin and many other projects. But then also, weve made many, many investments in our belief in investing in the space Its similar to what was before, which is (that) were trying to spur on an entire ecosystem. Were trying to sort of grow the open metaverse, which is very different from what some other companies are trying to do ” to sort of control the metaverse Because I think at this point, its already been established that Web3, or, more specifically, the metaverse, is the sort of next iteration of the internet. And I think theres a little bit of a battle going on in terms of what that should look like	Web3, Animoca Brands
And we very much believe in the decentralized version of this, and the one that has to be user-owned in order to not have happen what happened in Web2. Lau: I remember those conversations very well. In 2019, you were already so highly respected in the space, already seen as enormously successful	Web3
And I remember those conversations very well, where you explained with such detail why the gaming ecosystem could be well served by blockchain and crypto, and vice versa. Building on that thesis, what are you building out now with 340 (Web3 brands)	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
What is this ecosystem that youre building? Siu: So, the ecosystem that were building is all about delivering traditional property rights to all. And one of the big theses that we have is ” investing in companies outside of the ones that were building ” is to try to invest in companies that can either aid in mass adoption ” so, basically new users joining the ecosystem, or (which) can add more powerful network effects to the ownership of things. We believe that ownership generally is a driver of innovation and is the driver of growth overall, in the same sense that property rights in actual countries that actually do have real property rights and enduring ones, they have very good economies, and the ones that dont tend to have very small economies	Atari
And theres plenty of examples of this. And so we feel that the internet as it is right now, with Web2, is very much an internet with zero property rights. And so the economies ” despite the size that they are, being very large, obviously, and companies like Facebook and so on ” are still equivalent to that of a sort of despotic, feudal society	Yat Siu
In other words, the economic size is small. And what happens when you have people owning assets and people can construct their own network effects on top of it? But not all of these companies exist today	Yat Siu
Its a little bit like building a country. Well, when youre building a country, you cant just have people ” thats great, thats a good start ” but you need to have infrastructure, you have roads, you need to have all these things, which is why we invested in many layer-1, layer-2 protocols, which is why we also invested in DeFi (decentralized finance) protocols as well, and, of course, in NFT gaming and all these other areas, where we can also now see (that) because of ownership, capital formation take place. And I think one of the other things that we also spoke about is how blockchain, broadly speaking, and the whole space, is also creating, I think, broadly better financial literacy	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
So, one of our stock portfolios is Axie Infinity. We were the lead investor back maybe three or four years ago	Yat Siu
And they just demonstrated how a society like the Philippines ” most of those people dont have a university degree that ended up playing Axie, nor do they have a strong education in this area of financial education ” however, they were completely able to sort of grasp the use of a crypto wallet and start playing and making money ” in this case, playing Axie Infinity ” helping them survive basically the Covid crisis at the time. So, it just shows that its not really sort of a difficult thing. In fact, I would argue that learning how to use, for instance, MetaMask at the time, or using basically Axie Infinity is much, much easier than opening up a physical bank account, for instance	Yat Siu
So thats how that sort of spurred along. And were still early, so we still continue to invest in many gaming models to help drive that adoption. But the other area that were focused on a lot now is in education	Animoca Brands, Atari
And one of the reasons why we like the education field is because teachers, in and of itself, are amongst some of the greatest content creators and perhaps the most prolific content creators in the world. But theyre actually just like the artists before, or maybe even people who are sort of gaming in these developing countries	Animoca Brands, Atari
Actually, their value was not ever truly realized. Teachers are amongst the sort of least paid members relative to their value to society	Yat Siu
And thats partially because the content that they create is actually not something that can really have capital formation because they either dont own it or they dont have a way in which they could own it. So, that sort of was one of our new focus areas, as well ” to try to spur along an industry, and hopefully we can do something similar to how we assisted and helped grow the GameFi space. If you think about it today, almost no game that isnt doing Web3 can raise money, in the sense that, I would say that, if youre doing a Web3 game, then the chances of you raising money is quite high	Web3, Animoca Brands
Theres billions of dollars being poured into this space. Its not all us	Yat Siu
In fact, were a small part of that now, which means that theres an entire movement. Lau: It is. Its a movement that youre funding that you identified. Siu: We do have a lot of capital. Lau: You do	Yat Siu
Let me ask you about that. You kicked off with some fundraising recently ” a cool US$75 million in July	Yat Siu
It now values the firm at ” what is it now ” US$5.5 billion, is that right? Siu: Yeah. So it depends	Yat Siu
You see, the reason why is because even though its a U.S.-dollar fundraise, were still an Australian public company, so the share price is measured at an Australian dollar price. So, depending on what the currency of the Australian dollar is, were somewhere between US$5.5 billion and US$5.9 billion	Yat Siu
And its funny, because normally these are not a big deal, but at the scale and size of these valuations, a 5% or 10% swing in currency actually has a material impact on the valuation. So the pricing is at an Australian dollar term. Lau: Thank you for that clarification	Animoca Brands
But it happened in the summer, (and) weve had this Crypto Winter. How difficult was it to organize that fundraise, and why do you think that people are still investing so vociferously in this space, despite what were seeing in the headlines? Siu: The main thing Id say is that when you look at the investing scene, despite the fact that it appears like this pullback, most of the pullback is in traditional business models, in the Web2 space	Yat Siu
In Web3, people are still investing very heavily. The only difference is that maybe valuations have come down, or maybe the amount of funding size might be a little smaller, for instance	Web3, Animoca Brands
But its all relative still. Its still, I would argue, a pretty healthy climate	Yat Siu
And, in fact, for companies like us, theres even better opportunities to have because now the competition isnt quite the same. And the reason why is because I think its not just about the opportunity, of course, the disruption, what Web3 is. Its also the fact that people believe more blockchain should go where Web3 is going, where the metaverse is going, and its also what people want to see	Web3, Animoca Brands
People dont like what theyre seeing in Web2. They feel the threat that its arranged in their society ” the threat to democracy, the threat to our personal rights, or the fact that we dont have, actually, any digital freedoms whatsoever. I mean, if a company the size of Epic cant even launch the app on the (Apple) App Store, then we have a problem	Yat Siu
Its not even the battle of the giants. Its just the fact that theyre just excluded	Yat Siu
So if a big company like this cant have digital rights, then what does it mean for the everyperson who has absolutely no rights whatsoever and is a complete dependent? So, its more than just money, Id say. Its a mission ” its a purpose	Yat Siu
And the investors who are participating in this believe in this vision, but they also believe that this is a better future, because they also understand that a more decentralized, distributed property rights framework is actually one that provides better prosperity. And so unless youre the monopoly, unless youre the power, then its to everyones benefit that we see this world happen rather than have one that is controlled by the few. Lau: A lot of people are paying attention to exactly what youre saying	Web3
Youre often at the leading edge of these trends. Axie Infinity really triggered an entire wave of investor dollars into the GameFi space	Animoca Brands
What are you looking at, very specifically? I know you said education, but when you say yes to something, what is it that speaks to you and what do you think the future needs? Siu: So, I think that what we typically look for when we invest ” obviously we look at the purpose of the companies and entities that are involved, and, therefore, we also seek for the impact that they might deliver. And in this particular case, let me just give you our most recent acquisition that we did, which is a really exciting Israeli-based education company called TinyTap	Yat Siu
TinyTap has created, Id say, the worlds largest mobile teacher marketplace, which serves about 8-plus million families as hundreds of thousands of content creators ” mostly teachers, private teachers who in schools make, like, US$5,000. (In) some cases they might even make thousands of dollars basically a year with their content	Yat Siu
And so what they built was a kind of Netflix-type marketplace model where people can basically subscribe to this content. And now this content is generating a kind of yield. Now that this content generates a kind of yield, the value that a teacher receives might only be a couple of hundred or maybe US$1,000 a year	Yat Siu
And thats great income because we know teachers dont make that much money, for the most part. But if it now becomes an asset-generating yield in which you can actually give it the kind of capital formation that property rights can give, then you might be willing to pay for a 10% yield 10 times the amount. Now, you give a teacher a thousand dollars? Thats good	Yat Siu
You give them US$10,000? That changes their life. And weve seen basically what happened when we did this with NFT artists	Web3
We see what happens when you give it to people who have gaming assets and items. And one of the big troubles that a lot of people have in the traditional sort of Web2 world is they dont understand why a gaming item can be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, why digital art could be worth millions of dollars ” because they themselves dont understand that the value of these assets are already heavily financified, except they all go 100% to the institution that technically owns it	Animoca Brands, Atari
Youre just simply using it, so they get the value for this. But actually once its released from this, other people can start playing into this, and they can basically start investing if they want to or participate in this as well. Now, what were hoping it will do ” and it will obviously not be done just with TinyTap ” is that it sort of demonstrates a new model in which an entirely new segment of society can benefit from this type of capital formation with digital property rights	Yat Siu
Because after all, teaching content is a kind of content as well. And what we do know is that once you take content ” and basically in Web3, all content becomes a kind of asset because it is a property ” capital formation can then begin to whatever level that may be. And were very excited about that also because, as weve seen, for instance, with The Sandbox, weve seen with NFT artists, The Sandbox flourishes because of all the creators that are building on top of it, and they have creative freedom and the ability to do things	Web3
And in fact, what are teachers? Teachers are creators. If you look at, for instance, the biggest learning platform in the world, funnily enough, its YouTube, actually YouTube is where ” you would argue ” most of the educational content is. So, its not necessary that it has to be something thats specifically like a curriculum	Yat Siu
People can learn all sorts of things from each other on these platforms. But again, who owns the content? Who owns the platform? Its not the creators themselves	Yat Siu
So were hoping that we can continue to push that narrative. So, in some ways, you could say its not that different from NFT art, nor is it that different from blockchain games, but its just moving it into new segments, and hopefully we can encourage more growth in other areas, as well. But obviously education is an area that we feel really passionate about. Lau: Three-hundred and forty brands ” as you shared, youre continuing to expand	Web3, Animoca Brands
But we talk about this bear market, and the recent bear market hit crypto investors and companies like a brick wall. This was also visible in the play-to-earn space, the valuation of GameFi tokens and play-to-earn games really took a hit	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Axie Infinity ” we saw the rise of it come through the Philippines, and it was extraordinary really to see, and it also has plunged since then. How do you view the sustainability of the space of Axie Infinity compared to other play-to-earn games? Do you think the model needs to change? How have all of these play-to-earn entities and properties behaved in a bear market and been able to react to the impact? Siu: So, first of all, we remain super-bullish on Axie. And I think one of the things thats interesting to note is that its similar to the development of a country, as we typically like to give examples in sort of the metaverse	Animoca Brands
While youll always have downturns in markets as the market shifts and theres obviously going to be a mix of people coming in that might not naturally want to play the game ” the speculators, all that type of stuff ” as we see in every economy thats developing. From our perspective, its a little bit of a blip	Yat Siu
Obviously, its a downturn, but relative to where Axie was even two years ago or three years ago, its still a rising trend upwards. So, my perspective on the Axie drop is a blip. Because people are like, ˜Oh my goodness, its dropped from US$160 as a token. But people forget that, say, when the token was listed, barely maybe two some years ago, it was $0.10, so its all relative to sort of the broad bracket	Yat Siu
So then the question becomes: ˜What is your conviction in a game like Axie or any other game, for that matter, for the long term? So, the macro picture from our perspective is that we still only have millions of people in the blockchain gaming space, in the metaverse, in the open metaverse, and you have today 3.4 billion gamers. So, if you believe that somewhere between that area is basically an adoption that will take place, that there should be general sort of growth that happens ” and also remember that about a year or so ago, Axie was really one of the very few ones that are out there ” and today, because of all the investments and competition that is out there, theres a lot more choices, and what typically happens in those environments is that as venture capital money pours into this, the gamers themselves have more choices. In some cases, maybe theres been a degree of overinvestment, in the sense that theres more content available for people to play and try, and not enough gamers necessarily to sort of play all of them, although that is actually changing quite quickly	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
So theres a little bit of that dynamic. So, I would say its not just the fact that the market itself is down. Thats a broad macro	Yat Siu
Macro is relatively poor in comparison to even six months ago, but its also just a whole sort of scene. And weve seen this, by the way, with mobile gaming	Animoca Brands, Atari
Weve seen this with console gaming. Weve seen this with PC gaming	Animoca Brands, Atari
All the history of these industries goes through these cycles. But talking about Axie, in and of itself, I mean, a lot of people were critical of Axie because they looked at the numbers and they said, ˜Oh, look at the engagement rates. Its small and everything or its dropped almost zero. This is the problem when people arent actually in it, so they dont actually know that Axie Classic was being sunset for Axie Origin	Yat Siu
And Axie Origin actually has shown very promising numbers, but they werent actually releasing rewards just yet. They just started doing that	Yat Siu
The only issue is, of course, that there was this period of time in which we were doing the transition on top of the fact that Axie had to deal, as you know, with this hack situation, which has been resolved, but they had all these other things that they had to deal with at the same time. But to me, actually, the fact that they could resolve the hack situation is just a demonstration that theyve got a very strong community, and the growth of Axie, as well as the whole industry as a whole, we remain very bullish on. Lau: Obviously, people pay attention very closely to the micro events against a macro backdrop, which youve explained	Yat Siu
But I remember, in our early conversations, your greater thesis, which is that blockchain and crypto is here, theres enormous value, and gaming is a way to onboard people into this new world, almost, of crypto. Does that remain true? Siu: Yes, it does remain true	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
I think theres a couple of factors that are actually making this. I would say maybe it was a prediction back then, but I would say its becoming very much a reality now	Yat Siu
When you take a look at the amount of money thats being invested in Web3 gaming, broadly speaking, it sort of eclipses everything that we call ˜trad gaming, if you will. So thats the first one	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
So, a lot of money going in. The second thing is that a lot of really smart people are developing in that space. And in fact, the smartest people are actually thinking, ˜You know what, theres something there. And this is whats important, because you could argue that maybe some of the very first builders in the space, not all of them had maybe the best of intentions because they saw money, as you see often in these cases where you have opportunists come in and just take advantage of a market	Yat Siu
But the people entering now, people building in a bear market, theyre the kind of people who have a long lens on this one, because, again, if it was just about the money, maybe theres better, easier ways to do it. But they really believe in this future because it gives new forms of gameplay and it gives ownership to the end user	Yat Siu
And one thing to understand is that many of the people who design games arent necessarily in love with the game companies they work for because their particular agenda is very different, necessarily, to that of what they want the players to experience. Now, I think theres one other element here that probably needs to be said, which is that there is a diverging sort of narrative thats going on between the West and the East. In America, for instance, there is generally a sort of ” I wouldnt say generally, its not true for everyone ” but theres a large sort of vocal group of people that dont like NFTs	Web3
And I think it comes from this history of game companies with free-to-play having really abused their customers and heavily monetized it. And they dont quite understand that, in fact, this gives them more freedom and it gives them a way in which they can actually benefit from this sort of financification that game companies have done on them	Yat Siu
But they also dont understand, because they are not that financially literate. And also, they play a game, presumably not because they want to make money, understandably so. Now, in Asia, this doesnt exist at all	Yat Siu
You go to Korea, for instance, where I was just at. Every game company is talking Web3	Web3
Everyones doing something, and, more importantly, the gaming audiences are welcoming it. So, its not that dissimilar from where free-to-play was, say, a decade-plus ago, where, again, the West was like, ˜You know what? Were not so sure about that. But actually, Asia was like, ˜Lets go, this is great. Lau: Fully embracing it	Animoca Brands, Atari
And thats really the story that were seeing from our vantage point at Forkast. It really is this often cultural divergence, but also the acceptance of Asia of a lot of these innovations that youre building out, which I think really speaks to why youve been able to build out to the success of what youve achieved at Animoca Brands. I want to finally ask you about Open Metaverse Alliance for Web3, or OMA3, you call it, and why its different from the other metaverse we know	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
Tell us about this. Tell us about what OMA3 is, and why we should be paying attention. Siu: So what the Open Metaverse Alliance really is, is a group of companies that is ever-growing to come together and agree on essentially the open metaverse construct and essentially create not so much even a standards-based system ” although that could be part of it ” but its really sort of to create a framework in which we agree that were all going to build in an open framework collaboratively. There are some other metaverse alliances that have been set up that have a conspicuous absence of anyone in Web3 and blockchain, for instance, so thats kind of interesting	Web3, Animoca Brands
And we dont think thats a good idea. In fact, you could argue that the desire to create OMA3 is because of the fact that we saw other groups formed together to create another kind of alliance that was really in some ways perhaps trying to exclude sort of the blockchain narrative out of it. And what we want to prevent is that people are going to create sort of an API-based, permission-based, metaverse alliance where people give access to each other and then they can turn it off whenever they want to, almost like sort of a trade war style	Web3, Animoca Brands
Its supposed (to be) that the end user actually has most of the agency. Its their assets	Yat Siu
You cant take it away from them. And they have the freedom to move where it is	Yat Siu
It actually is a much better system. Thats kind of what were really trying to push forward. So, true digital property rights sort of lies at the heart of what the Open Metaverse Alliance is about, whereas I would argue that the other metaverse alliances out there, thats not even part of the conversation	Animoca Brands
The conversation is not about owning your stuff. The conversation is how these other companies can work together to create, maybe, a method of interoperability	Yat Siu
But thats a very different narrative. Lau: Its been great to catch up with you since 2019, when we first chatted, and (about) building out something thats enormous right now, and where its going. Anyone can guess, but well be speaking again ” dont you worry	Yat Siu
And for our audience, this is a fly-on-the wall moment for the thinking of where this industry is going. Yat, youre truly one of those crystal ball readers, and youre making it happen	Yat Siu
He was barred from leaving France and required to post bail of 5 million euros ($5.5 million) before being released from custody. A widely-shared video from Russian state-owned news outlet RIA Novosti shows Durov walking free from a Paris courthouse on Aug. 28. Police delivered Durov to court after being detained at an airport north of Paris on Aug 24. Authorities initially extended the Telegram CEOs custody to Aug 28, when he was expected to either be released or face charges in court. After his arrest, prosecutors said the Telegram founder had been taken into custody as part of a judicial investigation from July against person unnamed. The charges included complicity with illegal activities, refusal to communicate to authorities, money laundering, criminal association and providing cryptology services without prior declaration. Related: Telegram CEO and brothers arrest warrants were issued in March: Report French prosecutors alleged Durov was complicit in helping spread child pornography and facilitating illicit activities through Telegram. He also reportedly faces child abuse allegations in Switzerland that are unrelated to the French case. Free speech allegations Many of Durovs defenders have criticized French authorities for taking the Telegram CEO into custody, claiming the move represented an attack on freedom of expression. As of 2024, Telegram had more than 900 million monthly active users	Yat Siu
Having Durov answer in court for messaging app users conducting illegal activities or sharing illicit content may set a precedent for other heads of social media firms like Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Source: Edward Snowden French President Emmanuel Macron denied Durovs arrest was politically motivated, but many questions still seem to linger after four days. Magazine: Elon Musk is worth 100K followers: Yat Siu, X Hall of Flame Explore more articles like this Subscribe to the Law Decoded newsletter Arm yourself with the latest on crypto laws and guidelines to make smart choices for your crypto ventures	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
Born and raised in Vienna, Austria, he moved to Hong Kong in 1996 to set up Hong Kong Cybercity, the first free web page and email provider in Asia. Before Hong Kong, he landed his first job at Atari in Germany, and later at graphic software company Lexicor, where he served as director and head of the U.S	Yat Siu, Atari
East Coast division. In the late ˜90s, he set up Outblaze, which was sold to IBM in 2009 and incorporated in IBM's LotusLive suite of services. In 2011, he founded Hong Kong-based Animoca, one of the worlds largest apps for developers and publishers	Yat Siu
The company is behind hit apps such as Pretty Pet Salon (one of Apple's top apps of 2011) and Cinderella Cafe. Receiving early funding from venture capital firms Intel Capital and IDG-Accel, Animoca went on to develop and publish hundreds of apps across both Android and iOS platforms. In 2014, Siu founded Animoca Brands, a company created through the spinoff of the licensing and publishing arms of Animoca, that uses technology like blockchain and artificial intelligence to develop and publish mobile products like The Sandbox, and its the official distributor of CryptoKitties in China. During his fruitful career, Yat Siu was named Global Leader of Tomorrow and a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum and received various other awards for his contributions to business and society. Sius 2021: In 2021, Animoca Brands hit $2.2 billion in valuation	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
With COVID-19 spreading worldwide, people staying at home pushed the gaming industry to new highs of revenue. During the year, the company raised over $300 million based on a valuation of $2.2 billion by November, when SoftBank led a $93 million investment in Animoca Brands The Sandbox, one of the most promising Web3 metaverse projects across the whole blockchain space. In the range of only two months, Animoca Brands digital assets increased up to $15.9 billion in value, mostly coming from The Sandboxs success. The company invested heavily in other NFT and metaverse projects, including NBA Top Shot creators Dapper Labs, OpenSea and AlienWorlds. 2021 was also the year Animoca Brands saw several new product launches, including Phantom Galaxies (a AAA blockchain third-person shooter game), the REVV token ecosystem, and the Arc8 platform and its GAMEE utility token. In December 2021, Binance and Animoca Brands launched a $200 million investment program to offer funding for blockchain games. Sius 2022: By January 2022, Animoca Brands had already raised about $360 million at a $5.4 billion valuation, led by Liberty City Ventures and many other VCs	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
The company, driving digital property rights via NFTs and gaming, is expected to grow the open metaverse and be one of the major players across the whole industry. Yat Siu is a prolific Twitter user where he often tweets about the open metaverse, NFTs and blockchain games. He reckons, in 2022, more funding and investments will bring the Web3 into new domain and will forge the way we live, play and work for the better. Yat Siu and Animoca Brands are expected to keep investing both in development and resources within the metaverse and NTFs, as well as in sports, an industry with a high allocation of capital	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
With blockchain, you can create the same capital asset structure for anything. By turning your asset into an NFT, you generate the IP, contractual rights, and dictate where the money goes in a single transaction. That means a teacher can sell their educational content, which can then be sold on to generate long-term royalty returns	Web3
Thats the power of having ownership. We think of creators as being musicians or actors, not teachers, but teachers are probably the largest group of creators out there. Now that NFTs provide teachers with a way of owning a licence and scaling up the reach of their content, they can become creators in the truest sense of the word. Education Revolution! In our current education system, centralised organisations have the power and educators are trapped in their systems; even if educators have better ideas, they dont have the potential for capital formation. With web3, teachers will be able to make more money, which will incentivise them to create better content, which will encourage investors to invest in them. That will trigger a revolution in teaching and learning	Web3
Educators will have the opportunity to build their reputations on chain instead of being constrained by central control; more revenue generated by educational content will go directly to its creators; and teachers will be able to easily choose content from different sources and teach in multiple institutions. AI provides tools that make learning more efficient, but we have to provide incentives for people to create better learning content to keep up with AI “ and we cant do that if teachers cant generate value from the assets they create. Learning with Consequence Humans have always learnt through play, and the metaverse is an expansion of that. In the same way that YouTube evolved from an entertainment platform into the biggest learning channel in the world, the people building the metaverse need to understand how theyre delivering educational value. In the physical world, what we teach means more because there are consequences	Animoca Brands
When youre winning or losing, the stakes and outcomes are real. Failing an exam or botching a thesis can have serious consequences. Until recently, in the virtual world you had training wheels on all of the time; you couldnt lose something critical because you never really owned it to begin with	Yat Siu
Now that blockchain and NFTs provide that ownership, the things youre interacting with become more real because they have real value attached to them “ and thats where well see the acceleration of learning happen. The Resistance This education revolution wont be easy or straightforward. Consider the humble calculator	Web3
Educational institutions used to strenuously resist the use of calculators by students because it messed up their examination systems and rendered irrelevant all learning based on memorising arithmetic. The situation with web3 now is similar; were talking about a paradigm shift, a disruption, and some educational institutions are going to resist this change. There will also be resistance from teachers who dont yet understand that this shift actually, for once, works in their favour. But, as long as you can build it from the ground-up, a movement can overcome this resistance	Web3
When you show that the outcomes are better for the people involved, others will naturally follow. Making a Web3 Movement When you enhance something with technology, your impact is incremental. When you start a movement, youre starting a revolution. If youre trying to change something, think of what makes what youre doing a movement; which pain points youre solving that make educators and students adopt what youre doing, not because its easy, but because they believe in it. Web3 entrepreneurs need to ensure that the billions of people whove been excluded from the financial system understand the value of money, property, and what ownership of property means	Web3, Yat Siu, Atari
Thats the big shift. Teachers, who are broadly speaking a labour class with few capital assets, are in the same boat. Yat Sius Animoca Brands is a global leader in gamification and blockchain with a portfolio of over 400 investments and a mission to advance digital property rights and contribute to building the open metaverse. Animoca Brands was valued at almost $6 billion in 2022, after a $110m funding round, and recently raised an additional $20m to develop its metaverse project, the Mocaverse. Animoca Brands is also a launch partner of Open Campus, a community-led protocol for educators, content creators, parents, and students. The company committed to contribute to the Open Campus $10m Global Educators Fund to supplement standard education curricula through the use of web3 technologies and communities. Download our Future of EdTech report for more insights from top edtech founders	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The Animoca Brands co-founder argued that this timeline is achievable because there are more tools for distributing Web3 applications than ever before. Eventually, even legacy players that have historically been resistant to Web3 ” such as Apple, Google and Valves Steam ” will have no choice but to join the revolution. Once those floodgates open, well get even more mass adoption, Siu said. Imagine what would happen when you suddenly have 100 million or maybe even a billion people on these kinds of networks	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
They would be, in my mind, completely unbeatable, right? Web3 Gamer: Devs quit after Torque Drift 2 added crypto, big problem with MetaFighter Siu believes that gaming will ultimately be the catalyst for mass adoption because its a social activity, which gives it its true power. The power of a blockchain comes from its community, which is social in nature, Siu said. Regardless of whether its a game or SocialFi or even a DeFi system, you know, its the social connections that come from that, that actually give it its strength and its longevity	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari
Which comes to the point about why do we think gaming is a mechanism to do that? Because, at root, games is a social network. Is the metaverse dead? Animoca Brands Siu also opined on the state of the metaverse, which he proclaimed is not dead at all, despite various news headlines in recent months declaring it to be so. It depends on how you define the metaverse, he added, saying that Facebook did an incredible job in rebranding itself to Meta to convince the world that Meta equaled the metaverse. When Facebook failed to execute the metaverse in their vision, which we always said wouldnt work the way that they thought it would, then the rest of the world was like, huh, see, that didnt work	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari
And so they associated with that, said Siu. However, the Animoca Brands co-founder sees the metaverse as something much different: We think the metaverse doesnt begin with a virtual world	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
The foundation of building a nation isnt actually the fact that you can enter a space, its about your community, and its about ownership in that space. Related: Crypto market to hit $200T within 10 years ” Animoca co-founder That part is thriving, he added, likening the Web3 space at large to one big open metaverse, where opportunities are virtual, but the value is tangible. To us, thats the open metaverse, and thats a thriving space that already [is] $2.5, $2.6 trillion in size. To hear more from Siu ” including his perspective on memecoins, the importance of financial education, and Animoca Brands investment strategy ”	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
