Content	Keywords
Yat Siu: The Metaverse Man Gets Real Search CoinDesk Price Indices CoinDesk 20 Index Bitcoin Offerings Ethereum Offerings Trend Indicators Indices Crypto Sectors Election 2024 News Markets Finance Policy Tech Learn Opinion Consensus Magazine Video Podcasts CoinDesk Podcast Network Markets Daily Generation C The Protocol Unchained with Laura Shin The Mining Pod Newsletters The Node First Mover State of Crypto Crypto Long & Short The Protocol Crypto for Advisors Sponsored Thought Leadership Press Release Hub: Abra Hub: Bitget Hub: Gate.US Hub: Matrixport Hub: MEXC Hub: NEAR Hub: Phemex Hub: SocialGood Hub: Tron Advertise Consensus Consensus 2025 Hong Kong Consensus 2025 Toronto Webinars EN Select Language English EN Español ES Français FR Português PT-BR Italiano IT Filipino FIL Українська UK Русский RU Prices Indices Consensus Sponsored Election 2024 BTC $ 58,082.27 + 2.43% ETH $ 2,348.84 + 1.10% BNB $ 544.92 + 6.27% SOL $ 134.80 + 2.47% XRP $ 0.53765194 + 0.76% DOGE $ 0.10192505 + 1.60% CD20 $ 1,831.78 + 2.19% TON $ 5.41 + 3.05% TRX $ 0.15409437 + 1.17% ADA $ 0.35874300 + 6.73% AVAX $ 23.57 + 0.33% WBTC $ 58,055.02 + 2.54% Ad Consensus Magazine Yat Siu: The Metaverse Man Gets Real Web3 gaming powerhouse Animoca Brands isn’t playing around; it takes its work with governments and educating a skeptical audience seriously. By Lingling Xiang Dec 4, 2023 at 1:04 p.m	
UTC Updated May 9, 2024 at 4:41 p.m. UTC Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on X Yat Siu, co-founder and executive director of Animoca Brands (Mason Webb/CoinDesk) "Web3 is much more than cryptocurrency," Yat Siu, the co-founder and executive chairman of Animoca Brands, said on stage at this year's TED2023 conference	
It was a message they may not have wanted to hear. In an interview with CoinDesk, Siu said he encountered a skeptical audience – many of whom thought the metaverse was Facebook	
"It was probably the most difficult talk," he said, describing his first – and hopefully not last – TED experience. This profile is part of CoinDesk's Most Influential 2023	
For the full list, click here . Yat Sui is a speaker at CoinDesk's Consensus 2024 festival, May 29-31, in Austin, Texas	
2023 was a volatile year, to put it mildly, but Animoca Brands , a Hong Kong-based Web3 gaming giant, continued to invest, build and educate. That is why Yat Siu , the firm's public face and lead investor, is on the most influential list for the second year in a row	
Purpose mission impact In 2023, Animoca Brands, which was valued at $5.9 billion in a bull market of 2022, transformed from an investment-focused firm to an investment and education-focused firm. Animoca opened a space for Web3 education, joining the Web3 global educators fund by Open Campus Protocol 	
The company continued to expand into the Middle East, Japan and other parts of the world, to show people that there is a thriving world of Web3 outside the United States and Europe. By 2023, Animoca Brands' portfolio has expanded to 450 projects and brands 	
"We are becoming much more than a gaming company," Siu said. The company has over 2,700 shareholders, and functions a little like a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), he said	
Siu believes that working with governments this year has been among the biggest transitions for him and the company. "If there was no fraud and everything was working fine in 2022, we would probably not be working as closely as we are today with governments and regulators," Siu said	
"We were not going to necessarily play a leading role. That's changed." He is still an active Web3 investor but plays more of a role in education and lobbying	
"Not like those companies in the U.S., they became very quiet and very cautious, we did the opposite," he said. Although Animoca cut its target for new fundraise this year, the company raised $20 million to expand its Web3 identity project Mocaverse 	
In the middle of this year, Animoca planned to shift focus away from U.S, markets following the Security and Exchange Commission's clampdown on crypto. The company acquired Web3 streaming platform Azarus to scale up metaverse gaming, joined the Chiliz network to boost its "SportFi" ecosystem and invested in a Hong Kong-based crypto startup exchange Hi 	
Siu sees the year ahead as a year for many existing and emerging verticals in crypto, like GameFi, EduFi and digital identity. In other words, these are the places where crypto intersects with the real world, where financial technology and blockchain can reinject healthy competition, align incentives and foster collaboration	
Animoca also partnered with Saudi Arabia in a $50 million deal to bring Web3 to NEOM , the futurist desert city under construction. This followed Animoca's partnership with Japan-based trading firm Mitsui to create a new Web3 business in Japan	
Being hungry Siu was appointed to Hong Kong Task Force on Web3 development when Hong Kong is aiming to build a Web3 hub . "We are not going to get mass adoption if the governments are not comfortable with Web3," he said	
He believes that Hong Kong's strength will always be the fact it has been the independent financial hub. Some would argue that investing in Hong Kong is risky because Beijing is not friendly to cryptocurrency	
But according to Siu, "Everything comes with risks, we understand that we are pushing new boundaries, and I would argue that is far less risky for us in Hong Kong than some of our friends in America right now." "Hong Kong is hungry, which Hong Kong has not been for a long time," he said, adding that "nothing is forever, you have to fight for it." UPDATE 12/5: This article has been corrected to show that Yat Siu is co-founder and executive chairman, not co-founder and executive director. Disclosure Please note that our privacy policy , terms of use , cookies , and do not sell my personal information has been updated 	
CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies 	
In November 2023 , CoinDesk was acquired by the Bullish group, owner of Bullish , a regulated, digital assets exchange. The Bullish group is majority-owned by Block.one ; both companies have interests in a variety of blockchain and digital asset businesses and significant holdings of digital assets, including bitcoin	
CoinDesk operates as an independent subsidiary with an editorial committee to protect journalistic independence. CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive options in the Bullish group as part of their compensation	
Lingling Xiang Follow @ elephantXiang on Twitter Read more about Features Most Influential 2023 Metaverse Animoca Brands no-livewire Consensus 2024 About About Masthead Careers CoinDesk News Stay Updated Consensus CoinDesk Studios Newsletters Follow Get In Touch Contact Us Advertise Accessibility Help Sitemap The Fine Print Ethics Policy Privacy Terms of Use Update My Cookie Consent Do Not Sell My Personal Information Please note that our privacy policy , terms of use , cookies , and do not sell my personal information has been updated . CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry	
Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies . In November 2023 , CoinDesk was acquired by the Bullish group, owner of Bullish , a regulated, digital assets exchange	
The Bullish group is majority-owned by Block.one ; both companies have interests in a variety of blockchain and digital asset businesses and significant holdings of digital assets, including bitcoin. CoinDesk operates as an independent subsidiary with an editorial committee to protect journalistic independence	
CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive options in the Bullish group as part of their compensation. © 2024 CoinDesk English X icon Facebook icon Linkedin icon RSS Logo	