content	keywords
The noteworthy partnership with TheOpen Network (TON) blockchain, announced on November 28, stands out among these ventures. Siu revealed that this partnership entailed purchasing an undisclosed amount of Toncoin, which is now staked in their validator agreement. Siu expressed enthusiasm about the potential of this collaboration	Web3, Metaverse, Blockchain
He pointed out the massive reach of Telegrams user base as a gateway to mass adoption of the TON wallet. This excitement is further fueled by the growing viability of the social casualgaming platform Gamee, which Animoca acquired in July 2020	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, Telegram
The platforms integration with Telegram, enhanced by the recent TON incorporation, opens new commercial avenues previously limited by the lack of in-app purchases and advertising. The gradual integration of Gamee into Telegram, coupled with the rising value of its native GMEE token, underscores the burgeoning interest in GameFi and its potential within the Telegram ecosystem. Animocas appeal extends beyond GameFi to encompass the wider metaverse andnon-fungible token (NFT)projects	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Telegram, NFT, Metaverse
Siu pointed out the resilience of the NFT market, buoyed by long-term holders who value the underlying fundamentals of these projects. This is a marked shift from the speculative frenzy of 2021, where a significant portion of NFT collections were listed for sale. By looking ahead to 2024, several macro factors contribute to a bullish outlook	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
These include the growing anticipation around Bitcoin spot exchange-traded funds in the U. S. , the conclusion of high-profile legal proceedings in the crypto space, and a $4. 3 billion settlement involvingBinancewith American authorities. According to Siu, these developments provide clarity and positive sentiment as the new year approaches. Furthermore, the recent liquidation of $60 million worth of BTC short positions alleviates downward market pressure	Crypto, Metaverse
When not writing, he is busy in exploring his above said interest areas; thus, staying close to what he truly admires.	Metaverse
The largely unregulated market saw roughly 60% of its value evaporate from its peak in November 2021, according to CoinGecko as of Monday. It comes after a series of corporate disasters, including the bankruptcy of Sam Bankman-Frieds FTX cryptocurrency exchange. Siu said the safety net turned out to be bitcoin and ether, the two largest cryptocurrencies by market cap, rather than stablecoins, which was perceived safe due to their claims to peg with fiat currencies	Crypto, Metaverse, DeFi
Bitcoin reached a nine-month high of about $28,200 on Monday evening Hong Kong time, while ether rose to a seven-month high of almost $1,800, CoinGecko data shows. However, USDC, the second largest stablecoin, briefly lost its U. S	Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
dollar peg in mid-March after its issuer Circle admitted that it had $3. 3 billion banked with the now-failed Silicon Valley Bank. Meanwhile, investors have been dumping Credit Suisse shares after rival UBS agreed to take over the 167-year-old bank for $3 billion on Sunday. The Swiss banking behemoth saw its stock price plummet nearly 60% on Monday	Metaverse
It comes hot on the heels of the collapse of crypto-friendly U. S. banks Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank, as well as Silicon Valley Bank, a major lender to startups and venture capital firms. In light of that, crypto and specifically bitcoin and ether become attractive alternative ways to store value without those particular traditional banking risks, said Siu in a written response to Forbes	Crypto, Metaverse
These cryptocurrencies have made notable gains just as the banking crisis rose to prominence. Its not a coincidence	Crypto
I think what were seeing now is a flight of regular money to some cryptocurrencies. Even though Hong Kong-based Animoca was not directly impacted by the banking crisis, some of the more than 380 companies in its investment portfolio would be affected, said Siu. The Animoca cofounder said the deposits of those companies are safe and that the problem is not critical. The company has previously informed its investors that it hasnt banked with Silvergate or Silicon Valley Bank. Animoca, which counts Singaporean sovereign wealth fund Temasek, Sequoia Capital and others as its investors, has been hit by the ongoing crypto winter	Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
Most of the crypto tokens of its blockchain games, including flagship title the Sandbox, have nosedived more than 90% from its peak during the crypto boom in 2021. I worked as an associate producer at South China Morning Post for about two years, after graduating with a degree in journalism from Hong Kong Baptist University	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
In other words, away from the manias of NFTs of ugly monkey pictures to grownup, if somewhat duller, stuff. But it may be premature to write off cryptos wilder side. Yat Siu, a Hong Kong entrepreneur and founder of Animoca Brands, says NFTs, DeFi and metaverse-related speculative activities are making a comeback  and with more relevance to real-world activities. He presents some data points to make his point	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, DeFi
Some of those stats look like carefully picked cherries, and a lot of stats in this space are unreliable. But they are sizeable figures. His broad argument is that the parts of the blockchain world that generate the most creative ideas are still bubbling away	Web3, Metaverse, Blockchain
They cannot be entirely separated from what licensed financial institutions wish to do. And governments in Asia promoting responsible tokenization schemes must reckon with cryptos creative side. Living up to the hype Audience numbers are still small, but its still millions of people in The Sandbox, Yat Siu told DigFin, referring to an online gaming platform with its own marketplace for non-fungible tokens (NFTs), that is part of Animocas investment portfolio. In 2022, NFT marketplaces such as OpenSea and Blur saw a total of $24 billion in transactions. Yat Siu argues this activity is living up to the hype of Web3, the notion that blockchain-based internet models enable individuals and businesses to monetize their data and intellectual property  as opposed to the big internet platforms of Web2 such as Meta or Amazon, which own all the content their users generate. For example, the number of users creating tradeable assets (including ugly monkey pictures, but other things too) get 90 percent of value transacted	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
Depending on how the underlying smart contracts are written, they can continue to enjoy royalties even when the token representing their value is traded on secondary markets. He compares that $24 billion to several hundred NFT minters to the $7 billion he says Spotify distributed to musicians in 2022. The NTF value flow is much better, he said DigFin couldnt confirm that $7 billion payout by Spotify	Web3, NFT, Metaverse, Blockchain, DeFi
But the company says it paid more than 1,000 artists more than $1 million, and another 57,000 around $10,000 last year. Spotify has the typical winner-take-all model of internet businesses. It has 205 million paying subscribers	Metaverse
It says it pays out 70% of those revenues to artists, but a large amount of that goes to payments to music publishing companies, which own the rights to songs. The majority of individual artists make negligible amounts from streaming their songs on Spotify, even if they are getting tens of thousands of downloads. Metaverse v	Animoca Brands, Metaverse
Spotify: fair comparison? The analogy isnt apples-to-apples, though. There is clearly a speculative element to most NFTs	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
They are created with the intention to flip. Songs are created to attract an audience and accrue royalties. There is also a question about what that $24 billion figure represents	Metaverse
The trading figures on NFT marketplaces are boom and bust. For example, Yat Siu says momentum is building, citing global NFT sales of $4. 7 billion in the first quarter of 2023.	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Metaverse
The majority of the Q1 volumes came in a week-long spike of Donald Trump trading card NFTs that enjoyed a pump in the wake of a New York grand jury inditing the former president. The price rose from 0. 46ETH ($835 at the time) to 0. 6 ETH ($1,090). But today those NFTs are worth 0. 12ETH ($227). Trades on OpenSea reflect a similar volatility: on December 14, the last high, it recorded 186,000 transactions valued at $6. 1 million, but activity has steadily fallen	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
On July 11, OpenSea saw only 18,000 transactions valued at $2. 5 million. Thats still real money being traded, but its mostly pump-and-dump activity  not the behavior of an asset class, but of a gambling site. And those numbers dont address the high but unquantifiable amount of wash trading that takes place  especially on rival marketplace Blur, which now has greater volumes than OpenSea but is known as the place for whales to trade. Is it just early still? The comparison with Spotify also overlooks the fundamental ease of using a Web2 platform versus the fiddly nature of NFTs, DeFi and the metaverse, which for starters require a crypto wallet	Web3, Animoca Brands, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, DeFi
This could mean that once the user-experience gets smoothed out, the skys the limit. But these protocols have been around for years what if the wonkiness is a feature, not a bug, of Web3? Yat Siu rejects this argument. He says adoption is not because of the finicky bits of crypto wallets. The challenge of adoption is financial literacy and what it means to own assets. Most people visiting The Sandbox dont convert into Web3 users who monetize their own data and output	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
Having assets in your wallet isnt the same thing as knowing what to do with those assets. He likens this to the early days of online brokers such as E-Trade. The whole world wasnt buying stocks	Metaverse
It was gradual. This is a E-Trade Securities was launched in 1991, offering trading services via early web browsers such as America Online; by 1994 it was earning $11 million in revenues	Metaverse
It enjoyed fast and sustainable growth in accounts and turnover in the earliest days of the internet, before the concept of going viral existed. From the outset, users of online brokers knew what to do with the assets in their account. As big as a country to gauge how NFTs are doing, that $24 billion needs to be compared to something else. Yat Siu calculates total economic activity in the metaverse to have reached $30 billion in 2022	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Metaverse
That is based on his estimate combining activity on The Sandbox, metaverse-related token volumes, and NFT sales. Thats the GDP equivalent to Cyprus or Iceland, Yat Siu said. (Both have GDPs of about $28 billion. ) Of that $30 billion, nearly $15 billion represents money locked in 180,000 DAOs, or decentralized autonomous organizations, which Yat Siu likens to the foreign reserves of national treasuries. Thats an impressive way to think of the size of the Web3 economy	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Metaverse
On the other hand, is Iceland the right comparison, or should it be compared to Web2 platforms? Maybe, Spotifys market capitalization is $31 billion, so the metaverse is now the size of Spotify. But it has a ways to go: Metas a $765 billion company and Amazons $1. 3 billion. Apple is about $3 trillion	Animoca Brands, Metaverse
Can the world of decentralized economics get that big? If it remains mostly about speculation, number-go-up collectibles, and wash trading, then probably not. A report by Galaxy in May found the global NFT market has been shrinking	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
The money locked in DAOs has been stagnant: Yat Siu takes delight in saying DAOs have $14 billion in total locked value (pledged). But the number was $15 billion in 2021	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu
DAO size has stagnated despite the speculative boom. Real-world: the TinyTap exampleBut if DAOs arent bigger, they might be getting better. A few real-world use cases are now evident with Web3 models	Web3, Metaverse
Yat Siu pointed to TinyTap, an education platform that Animoca Brands acquired last year. TinyTap, founded in 2016 in Israel, helps users create their own educational lessons and games. Its creators can sell their products in the form of NFTs	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Metaverse
Buyers, such as educational publishers, can adapt the content and make it into a bigger business, if they choose, but the smart contracts ensure the original creators get paid royalties and a slice of future transactions. In November 2022, the company announced its first batch of six NFTs raised ETH139 (about $228,000)  representing courses created by six teachers. This could be, say, a PowerPoint presentation for teachers that integrates videos and so on	Web3, NFT, Metaverse, Blockchain, DeFi
The teachers received 50 percent of the auction sale plus a 10 percent ongoing share of any revenues generated by their courses if they help with the marketing. That came out to $18,500 per teacher. Thats the equivalent of what a secondary school teacher in Brazil takes home each year	Metaverse
Even in the US, the average teacher is paid only $66,000. And a successful course can create a long-term royalty stream. When Yat Siu compares the metaverse numbers to Web2 platforms or electronic financial businesses, the argument doesnt look that great	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Metaverse
Earlier attempts to make crypto look useful, like play-to-earn was prone to scams and the usual pump-and-dump predations. But link Web3 to real-world businesses that dont depend on number-go-up ponzinomics, and the story starts to change. The teacher and the new owner become partners in an education asset that generates a yield, he said. Netflix has 8 million families subscribing to its educational content	Web3, Crypto, Metaverse
Thats Web2. In Web3, content as NFTs is sold to others who can market that content and enhance the revenue	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
Say you market a course to a Japanese audience, you can triple the revenue. The sale of the NFT includes the IP and contractual rights, all in one. While TinyTap feels a long way from cryptos wild side, it is from the murky depths that ideas like this got started	Web3, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
Tokenizing assets for a more efficient Wall Street is great, and theres plenty of hypey nonsense in the rest of crypto. (Ugly ape pics are not an asset class, sorry. ) But no one trying to tokenize a fund or a real-estate project would have come up with something like TinyTap	Crypto, Metaverse
For finance professionals focused on regulated digital assets, it pays to keep an eye on the crazy stuff.	Web3
"However, centralized platforms such as Facebook and Amazon are farming people's data, using an individual's time and investment, and turning it into knowledge for the company. The problem is that it's unequal, and we think of it as an unequal relationship, because it's exploitative in nature,"" Siu said. Yat Siu, co-founder and chairman of Animoca Brands hopes to fix that by providing the opportunity for data to once again be in the hands of the individual. Related storiesNFTs are one way to provide this control, as the tokens exist on the blockchain and uniquely represent either digital, or real-life assets, such as art, real estate or game artifacts. They can be programmed to ensure the owner of the asset continues to get royalties for each secondary transaction. For Siu's thesis to play out, there needs to be wider investment in the ecosystem to promote further growth, which is why the firm not only creates content, but invests in it between January 1 and October 31 last year, Animoca earned $38 million in revenue, with $13. 6 million total cash and cryptocurrency on hand, according tounaudited financial statements. A significant proportion of the revenue comes from NFT sales, as well as any secondary transactions"	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
"There are also equity and token returns on the investment side. ""We're extremely long on everything,"" Siu said. ""We're still holding on to all of our Axie tokens, we're still holding on to all the tokens because we think the space is early it just simply doesn't make sense for us to be realizing gains per se. ""Investing strategy since the space is considered early now, it was almost non-existent when Siu started investing in 2018. What gave him conviction to make big bets on the likes of Axie Infinity are the founders. "" You want to invest in those guys who have staying power"" Siu said."	Metaverse
"""Those are the founders who are building for a purpose that is greater than their own. "" A recent bet was on Star Atlas, a blockchain-based space-themed strategy game built on the solana blockchain. Solana's focus on speed and cheap transaction fees has won the hearts of investors, with its soltoken surging 278% in the last 30 days. The fast-growing solana ecosystem is part of the reason Siu decided to invest, recognizing the blockchain offers a strong framework for creators and people's fascination with space. ""It's just an example of how people love that genre and the culture that it brings on, and we think Star Atlas can represent that,"" Siu said. ""And therefore onboard people onto blockchain and once they get into the blockchain, in this case it's solana, they will go ahead and ultimately find their way onto other blockchains and other play-to-earn games. ""Screenshot from Star Atlas game some of Siu's top picks from the portfolio are those that have the potential to garner mainstream success. The more mature products he's most excited by areThe Sandbox and Axie Infinity as they lead the charge in their categories"	Web3, Metaverse, Blockchain
"He also highlights RevvRacing, GAMEE and Quiddas exciting opportunities. Revv Racingis a skills-based eSports blockchain game. The beauty of Revv is that most of its marketing channels are non-crypto and around 90% of users who enter the game also haven't owned crypto, Siu said. ""It basically demonstrates that there's a model in which you can onboard players who have no crypto background and who have no NFT background, but are actually playing a play-to-earn NFT game"" Siu said"	Web3, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
"""That's exciting because you can see how that could possibly grow in terms of mass adoption. ""For Quidd and GAMEE, it's slightly different, as both are existing platforms that have collectible interfaces and are now transitioning into the crypto space with a large existing user base. ""We think that's also very exciting because it could really onboard a large number of users onchain very quickly,"" Siu said. ""In terms of the potential that could bring on in terms of liquidity and interest in the space, we think that could be quite exciting as well."	Crypto, Metaverse
"Last but not least, he share his thoughts on the open metaverse and what it means for true digital ownership and play to earn in the crypto gaming space. ""The open Metaverse, from our perspective, is the real Metaverse, because you can then have ownership. Once you have ownership, you care to keep it because it's precious and meaningful to you, but if you don't own anything, then you actually don't care to protect it because you're just simply a guest and I think this is part of why we are so excited about non fungible tokens as digital property rights"	Animoca Brands, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
Animoca Brands develops and publishes a broad portfolio of products including the REVV token and SAND token; original games including The Sandbox, Crazy Kings, and Crazy Defense Heroes; and products utilizing popular intellectual properties including Formula 1, Marvel, WWE, Power Rangers, MotoGP and Doraemon. Animoca Brands portfolio of blockchain investments and partnerships includes Sky Mavis (Axie Infinity), Dapper Labs (CryptoKitties and NBAShot), OpenSea, Harmony, Bitski, and Alien Worlds	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
Of course, it has recently raised what is considered for the Chinese as the lucky Chinese number of $88,888,888 for a billion valuation which include Kingsway Capital, RIT Capital Partners (formerly Rothschild Investment Trust), Hash Key Fintech Investment Fund, App Works Fund, LCV Fund, Huobi, Octava, Ellerston Capital, Perennial, Axia Infinity Ventures, SNZ, Liberty City Ventures, Metapurse, and other investors. Two days back, Animoca Brands raised another $65m at 2. 2B valuationfrom well-known players: Ubisoft (game maker) and Sequoia China	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Metaverse
How did that happen? What is the mission and vision of Animoca Brands? Animoca Brands is spun off from Animoca which started in 2010, and what was the inspiration behind the company? How did it eventually evolve into the current state? In your medium post Toward the Future Economy, you highlighted Animoca Brands as one of the very first mainstream game companies that identified and acted upon two important opportunities in gaming presented by blockchain technology: true digital ownershipandplay-to-earn. To start, can you define what true digital ownership and play to earn mean in the gaming industry? What are the drivers that led you to identify these two key trends earlier than most gaming companies out there? Can you talk about the context in how Animoca Brands have contributed to these two major trends: true digital ownership and play to earn? As Animoca Brands have been early in their investments with Opensea, Axie Infinity (AXS) and Dapper Labs, who are behind CryptoKitties and NBA Top Shot, how do you decide to invest them in an early stage and what have you learned from these successful investments which have come of age this year with the NFT boom? In your view, how do you define the concept of the metaverse? What are the key ingredients that constitute what a successful metaverse looks like? Can you talk about different games from Animoca Brands that extends the narrative of the metaverse, for example, the F1 Delta Time where it is a racing game for players to compete for SAND, GAMEE, REVV tokens and the Sandbox, where user generated content builds a metaverse will NFTs or gaming tokens from play-to-earn economies be interoperable in the future? Do you think the Ready Player One world where the current play to earn economies will mesh together with augmented reality (AR) or virtual reality (VR) in the future? What does great look like for Animoca Brands in a decades time? ClosingAny recommendations (a book, podcast, movie or TV series) that have inspired you recently?	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain, DeFi
Yat Siu explains the East-West divide in Web3 adoption, attributing it to differing attitudes towards capitalism. Siu discusses Mocaverses potential to solve digital identity issues in the Web3 ecosystem. He emphasizes how blockchain can empower content creators by enabling true ownership of intellectual property. Yat Siu, co-founder and executive chairman of Animoca Brands shared his unique perspective on the evolving landscape of Web3, drawing from his extensive experience in tech innovation and his multicultural background. In a recent interview with BeInCrypto, Siu discussed Animocas Mocaverse, highlighted the stark contrast between Eastern and Western attitudes, and offered valuable advice for aspiring artists in the age of AI. Why do you think the MOCA price rose significantly, compared to other gamefi tokens? There is a whole series of tokens that havent done that well. But some have done well like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and TON, plus in our case, I would argue MOCA, too. The key difference is the institutional support	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
Projects with institutional backing tend to perform more stable. Starting with the Bitcoin ETFs, I think were entering an institutional era of crypto, meaning that, to stand out, you now need institutional support. How does the institutional support help the growth of projects? The traditional stock market is by-majority institutional, but the token market is by-majority retail	Crypto, Metaverse
In an institutional market, you diligently research to know what the project is about because you have large purchasing power and long-term planning. Retails have a lot more short-term behavior naturally. For instance, Pump. fun launched two million tokens in the last 6 months	Metaverse
It is amazing as a business model, but also concerning. Among the new tokens, many of them are very small, and may also be very speculative. An institution will not invest in Pump, they have discipline	Metaverse
In this age, trade the US dollar in China, and what makes you think it should be okay to do crypto? But there is a role for Hong Kong, which has been a financial clearing house for international capital in and out of the mainland	Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
It makes sense that Hong Kong is becoming pro-Web3 and pro-Crypto because it is the sandbox for China. If something happens, it can happen in Hong Kong and wont affect China. Moreover, Chinese capital might flow out to other places, but it would rather be in Hong Kong, a free market under Chinas influence than move to the US allys soil like Singapore. You have a Chinese background, but you grew up in the West, in Austria	Web3, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
How do Web3 and GameFi differ between East and West? Asia is more pro-capitalist and the West is split between capitalism and, especially in Europe, more socialism. In Asia, even in China, they are capitalists by nature, and it doesnt matter if you are called the Communist Party	Web3, Animoca Brands, Metaverse
That is not true for Europe and many young Americans. So if youre a gamer in Asia, you make money with your assets and its okay because by nature you are comfortable with capitalism. But in Europe, people dont necessarily agree with that	Metaverse
In America, the younger generation doesnt necessarily believe in capitalism because it hasnt worked for them. Theres an ironically greater love of capitalism in Asia, which is why DeFi and GameFi are growing. I wouldnt say everyone, but theres a much louder voice of people in the West who dont like it	Web3, Animoca Brands, Crypto, Metaverse, DeFi
If you talk to gamers in the West, they will say I dont want money to swallow my game. Between Game Boy (of Nintendo) and Game Science (of Black Myth: Wukong), which one would you choose? I would go for the Game Boy. Im very proud that Black Myth: Wukong can be a global hit coming out of China	Yat Siu
Its an interesting moment. However, Wukong would not have been possible to be popular if it wasnt for the earlier kinds of Asian game companies and Asia-led culture booms leading the way. In other words, the Chinese moment came thanks to Japan and Korea	Metaverse
Japanese anime paved the way for K-pop and K-drama, and K-culture did the same for China. Even if Wukong might become bigger, Gameboy should be respected. You studied music in college in Vienna	Yat Siu
As an artist, what advice do you have for aspiring artists in the age of AI? Regardless of what you do, especially for those who want to do creative things, it is important to own your property. The most successful musicians like Michael Jackson had a growing asset base because they owned their intellectual properties. On top of that, you need to understand money and business which we dont teach in school	Metaverse
You cant have independence if you outsource the value of the system. If you have an idea, if you create music, if youre a performer, the important thing is to make sure you own enough of your property to have the long tail benefit for your work. Maybe it would make no difference if youre not very successful, but if you have something successful, you know what I mean. How can blockchain benefit content creators? The biggest theft in Web2 was those like YouTube, Instagram, and Tiktok	Web3, Blockchain
In the early days of YouTube, mukbangs, live-streamed videos where viewers watch the host eat, were very popular, but even when the creators became famous, the content was not theirs and they lost the IPs to YouTube. The same is true for Instagram, and when people take a photo on Instagram, they spend a long time getting the angle. But they dont get paid for the work or its IP	Metaverse
Even when you make a video that goes viral on TikTok, you get nothing. In Web3 with blockchain, you own the property. If you mint it as an NFT, you have the history and the record	Web3, NFT, Blockchain
You will be able to defend theft from the blockchain. You cant stop it, but you can trace and claim its ownership	Web3, Blockchain
Thats the point. What major factors of the industry have drawn your and Animocas attention recently? The crypto industry has grown over the last 12 months. Weve had a lot more launches, a lot more projects, and a lot more people involved in the space. In particular, we at Animoca are excited about TON and Mocaverse	Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
The TON ecosystem brings many users into Web3 and our games like Gamee now have 90 million users. And for the Mocaverse, we think itll solve digital identity. Often it is the same people who are essentially farming the tokens which is a problem. You want to make it more distributed and you want to make it not go to bots but to individuals. You need an identity solution, and thats what Animocas Mocaverse is doing.	Web3, Yat Siu, Metaverse
Yat Siu on the future of decentralized game distribution, Animoca Brands understands better than many the motivation behind decentralized platforms and the transparency of blockchain. The company was hit by a significant setback in 2012, when, without warning, Apple removed all of Animocas games from its App Store. So in 2017, when Animoca Brands co-founder and executive chairman Yat Siu was introduced to web3, he quickly identified the benefits and adapted to blockchain. In this interview, Siu argues why todays large dominant distribution platforms need to do the same in order to stand a chance as the technology moves ahead, and the bright future of web3 native platforms. Whats your own experience in dealing with Apple and Googles app store policies? Yat Siu: Before Animoca Brands was founded, we, as Animoca, were one of the major mobile game developers and publishers on Apples App Store (at one point we had 12 of the top 20 spots on the App Store rankings)	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, Metaverse, Blockchain
However, we suffered an unexpected setback in 2012 when Apple removed all our games without warning. This action by Apple was a significant blow to our company. For two years, we were absent from the App Store, which was hugely detrimental to our business	Metaverse
We had invested considerably in developing and publishing apps that became popular, thereby driving business and growth for the iOS platform, and the fact that Apple could simply remove all our apps without offering a clear explanation or an appeal process felt like a rug pull. The major platforms are successful because once upon a time they were innovators on an open web; if they fail to adapt to todays open movement, then it is highly likely that they will simply become obsolete as the world moves on, thats when we really understood the problem of depending on a single, large, centralized platform: the obligation to follow rules without having a say in those rules, even when they are profoundly unfair or anti-competition. In 2017 we were introduced to developer Axiom Zen (CryptoKitties) and it was a eureka moment: we immediately recognized the potential offered by blockchain and decentralization to overcome the problem of dominant platforms. We promptly shifted Animoca Brands focus to blockchain gaming, and everything that has happened since suggests to us that we made the right decision	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
We remain convinced that decentralization and web3 signal a more equitable future for the Internet and its users. Why would you argue Apple and Google need to be more open as platforms towards web3? Both Apple and Google, Google in particular, benefited greatly from the original internet, which was the open web of its time. This open web gave us wonderful things like open source culture and freely accessible knowledge and information, but it also provided the users and activity that allowed major online platforms to emerge and become the titans we know today	Web3, Metaverse
Almost all large tech companies owe their very existence to an open web, upon which they constructed vast walled gardens to lock in users and value. This is not an appeal to hypocrisy, it is a reminder that the major platforms are successful because once upon a time they were innovators on an open web; if they fail to adapt to todays open movement, then it is highly likely that they will simply become obsolete as the world moves on. Do you think theres an opportunity for web3 native mobile app stores? I definitely think so. Starting in the late 2000s, distribution channels and platforms were heavily disrupted by platforms like iTunes and Google Play, which helped to make these upstarts into some of the most powerful companies on the planet	Web3, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse, DeFi
But these tech giants themselves will be similarly disrupted if they fail to engage with or support the next iteration of products and services. Whats your experience of centralised PC distribution stores such as Epic Games, which have been seemingly more embracing of blockchain? Epic Games has certainly been more open than Apple or Google, and in part thats because it has to in order to be competitive with larger platforms that have a more monopolistic approach, like Steam. We work with Epic Games on game distribution and that has been a much more positive experience compared to what we went through in the past. Why do you think web3 PC distribution platforms havent taken hold yet? I think its because the audience numbers are still below a critical mass, but also because web3 distribution works very differently from what people are used to launchpads and even L2s function as distribution platforms (for example, Ronin, IMX/polygon). The space is evolving as we speak	Web3, Metaverse, Blockchain
We believe web3 distribution platforms will be similar to what our project, Mocaverse, has been doing. Mocaverse has supported games such as Pixels and Arc8 by expanding their player base through the activation of its Moca NFT holder base. This approach is almost like that of a marketing publisher, but in a far more decentralized manner	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
It is an example of the ongoing innovation within web3. Web3 distribution platforms already exist, but they look very different from a traditional app store and this represents a barrier for most users. Exchanges, launchpads, NFT communities, and L2s are all trying to address this issue in their own fashion and I have no doubt that web3 distribution will continue to improve to the point of being easily available to anyone anywhere in terms of seamlessness and simplicity.	Web3, Atari, NFT, Metaverse
Yat talks to us about the alignment of Web3 and AI, crypto building in Asia, and the crypto market downturn. Introduction: In the ever-evolving digital realm, where virtual and reality blur and our very understanding of ownership and interaction changes,Animoca Brands stands  as a behemoth shaping the future. They are one of the worlds leading investors into Web3, play-to-earn gaming, non-fungible tokens, and the metaverse	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
Today in an exclusive conversation for Hong Kong Fintechweek, Brave New Coin speaks to Yat Siu the Co-founder, executive chairman, and managing director of Animoca BrandsWe unravel the strategy, philosophy, and foresight that positions the company at the vanguard of the digital revolution. We also chat about the new crypto regulatory framework in Hong Kong and the crypto investment oppurtunities in Asia. This interview is part of a series of articles will be conducting with speakers atHong Kong Fintech Week. Hong Kong FinTech Week 2023 (HKFW) is here	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
What do you think challenges are the biggest barriers blocking the adoption of Web3 and what can the industry do to address them? Education and awareness are crucial. A significant segment of the population remains unsure or misinformed about what Web3 or the metaverse represents: the shift from platform/publisher ownership to user ownership in the digital world. This misunderstanding is driven by a number of bad actors who have associated blockchain, cryptocurrency, and Web3 with scams	Web3, Animoca Brands, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
We must continue to build, demonstrate, and educate the world about the true potential and advantages of blockchain and in particular its enabling of true digital ownership. The current state of user interface and user experience in many dApps often present challenges to those not yet familiar with Web3. As blockchain technology evolves to a point where users can seamlessly interact with it, even unknowingly, well see notable increases in adoption. The need for improved regulatory clarity is also crucial. A clearer regulatory framework will restore the confidence that waned during the various crises of 2022	Web3, Atari, NFT, Metaverse, Blockchain
In this aspect, Asia is setting a good example with policies being established in regions like Hong Kong and Japan, which are already facilitating adoption. What are the critical factors that will determine the success of play-to-earn gaming in the mainstream market? Play-to-earn is just one example of what is possible once you have the ability to have full and true ownership	Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, Metaverse
Thats also why its now typically referred to as play-and-earn; earning is something you have the option to do but is not the sole reason to play a game. In terms of value, whatever you earn in a game need not simply be financial in nature, but could also be reputational, social, and/or cultural. One of the additional crucial factors is the successful onboarding of mainstream gamers. Were on the cusp of seeing more AAA Web3 games hitting the market, such as Phantom Galaxies from our subsidiary Blowfish Studios and Wreck League from nWay	Web3, Metaverse
These high-quality games will help traditional gamers understand that Web3 games can match the quality of games theyre accustomed to. This recognition of quality and familiarity will encourage more traditional gamers to engage with Web3 gaming	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari, Metaverse
By interacting with these games and truly owning virtual goods, theyll be directly exposed to the benefits and potential of digital ownership, such as economic freedom over the goods they own. Could you explain your vision for the open metaverse? How do you see it affecting our everyday lives? We are firm believers that the open metaverse is the future	Animoca Brands, NFT, Metaverse
"It can be described as the Internet of Ownership which means the foundation is based on true digital property rights. The notion that the metaverse is purely a VR or AR environment, particularly one built on outdated models of proprietary ""walled gardens,"" is a big misconception. For us, the metaverse isnt about VR goggles, specific virtual worlds, or games"	Animoca Brands, Atari, Metaverse
"Its about an open, decentralized network of systems and environments connected by genuine digital ownership, interoperability, and community governance, as envisioned by most developers in the Web3 industry. The open Metaverse is constructed on a ""meta"" plane of digital ownership and thats why it is such an interesting and powerful concept. Property rights are the essential foundation of all economies based on capitalism  property rights and capitalism are inextricably linked"	Web3, Animoca Brands, NFT, Metaverse
The freedom that capitalist economies enjoy is directly related to their strong property rights (ownership of something also confers economic freedom over that something). These rights and freedoms serve as the foundation of the most successful and prosperous nation-states	Yat Siu
The digital equivalents of these concepts enable all the experiential layers of the open metaverse, which include not just the oft-cited VR but also any other digital interface. This fundamental shift towards digital ownership is currently underway in the Web3 world and will only gain momentum, similar to the rapid growth of the Web in the late 1990s or the mobile Internet around the 2010s. The ongoing evolution of the Internet is now being fueled by blockchain technology. For more on this concept, I suggest viewing my recently published TED talk on digital ownership: https://www. ted. com/talks/yat_siu_the_dream_of_digital_ownership_powered_by_the_metaverse4. How do you see the intersection of gaming, blockchain, and the metaverse developing in the next 5-10 years? For several decades, gaming has profoundly influenced the physical world by driving advancements in numerous underlying technologies	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari, NFT, Metaverse, Blockchain
These advancements have not only enhanced the quality of games but have also contributed powerfully to the evolution of industrial infrastructure. Consider how gaming has spurred the progress of GPUs, display technologies, control devices, connectivity, processing power, storage, and even gaming furniture	Animoca Brands, Atari
Smartphones became viable revenue generators and induced their initial mass adoption as they evolved into sophisticated gaming devices. The intertwining of content, culture, and technology is a crucial aspect of this progression. The transition from Web2 to Web3 necessitates not just the blockchain infrastructure but also cultural factors, which could be social, entertainment, or consumption-oriented, but that are all driven by gaming to induce mass adoption of this infrastructure	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari, Metaverse, Blockchain
Take the Internet as an example: while connecting to the Internet links us to a remarkable infrastructure, its primary attraction for people is not the impressive technological achievement of the Internet but the access that it provides to content and services. The open metaverse  a virtual society with real economic impact, empowered by digital ownership  represents the next logical evolution of our digital lives in the next 5-10 years. The open metaverse is a realm where our time provides value and meaning to us, rather than just to the publishers and platforms that exploit our data and attention in the current Web2 paradigm. Could you provide some insights into the principal criteria and overarching philosophy that guide Animoca brands in its selection of investment opportunities? Our investment strategy and process are deeply rooted in our conviction that Web3, blockchain, and NFTs hold the potential to revolutionize our interaction with the digital world by enabling ownership. Weve adopted a holistic approach to fostering the entire blockchain ecosystem and, to date, weve invested in over 400 Web3-related companies and projects using our own balance sheet and also operate many subsidiaries such as The Sandbox, TinyTap, Darewise Entertainment, Blowfish Studios, and many others. We are particularly drawn to companies and projects that emphasize openness and interoperability, possess the potential to drive mass adoption of Web3, and significantly contribute to the development of the open metaverse  for example anything that increases the network effects related to ownership of NFTs	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, NFT, Metaverse, Blockchain
This includes projects constructing open metaverse worlds as well as those enabling the provision of true digital property rights based on open and interoperable assets. This includes platforms and protocols, marketplaces, and consumer products such as games and virtual worlds	Animoca Brands, Atari, Metaverse
How do you think this regulatory shift, the new SFC licensing regime, will affect retail investors approach and sentiment toward digital assets in Hong Kong? The new SFC licensing regime will add an extra layer of legitimacy and security to digital assets in Hong Kong. It will help clarify the rules of engagement, making the digital assets market more transparent and less risky for retail investors. While regulation might initially be seen by some as a hurdle due to the stricter compliance requirements, in the long run it will boost investor and consumer confidence	Web3, Yat Siu, Metaverse
Retail investors will feel more secure knowing that the platforms theyre using are regulated and that there are protections in place. This could ultimately lead to greater participation from retail investors, as well as attracting more institutional investors  both of which will contribute to the overall growth and maturity of the digital assets market in Hong Kong. Has the JPEX fraud saga affected perspectives on Hong Kongs new, more open digital asset policy? The JPEX incident emphasized the need for clear and robust regulation to protect retail investors. Its crucial to acknowledge that with most innovations, including during the early days of the Web, there are always inherent risks and potential for misuse	Web3, Yat Siu, Atari, Metaverse
We believe that the Hong Kong government will continue collaborating with involved parties to develop rules and standards that can deter malicious actors without suppressing innovation. With its heritage as one of the worlds main financial centres, Hong Kong has immense potential to emerge as a global innovation hub and a leader in the digital asset economy. We, together with other Web3 industry leaders in Hong Kong, released a statement in response to the JPEX incident: (https://www. animocabrands. com/statement-by-hong-kong-web3-industry-leaders-in-response-to-jpex-incident8)	Web3, Yat Siu, Atari, Metaverse
Brave New Coin is New Zealand-based and a large chunk of readership is US-based. I am curious as to your thoughts on what the West misses about crypto in Asia, and what should we be focusing on within the Asian crypto market. A key aspect that is often overlooked is how quickly the Asian crypto market has grown and how open it is to innovation	Atari, Crypto, Metaverse
There is a strong entrepreneurial spirit here, paired with a high degree of tech literacy, providing an ideal breeding ground for advancements in blockchain and crypto. Moreover, Asia, particularly places like Hong Kong and Japan, are establishing clear regulatory frameworks for digital assets. This is crucial as it fosters an environment where innovation can thrive alongside investor protection	Web3, Yat Siu, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
In Asia, were seeing a shift towards a more decentralized internet, where digital ownership and user autonomy are prioritized. This is a region where we expect to see even more impressive growth and innovation in the coming years	Web3, Atari, NFT, Metaverse
We are in the midst of what I would describe as a mild bear market but certainly, interest in Web3, NFTs, and the metaverse has waned and been overshadowed by technology like AI. How are investors, startups, and users alike handling current market conditions? Web3 is still in its early stages and has yet to realize its full potential. AI and Web3 are not mutually exclusive; theyll likely evolve symbiotically. If we envisage a future where AI entities transact autonomously, its logical to assume that these transactions would occur in cryptocurrency	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
Projections suggest that 70-80% of transactions will be conducted through autonomous AI agents in the future, and the decentralized nature of crypto makes it a fitting choice for this. If we all share the reasonable belief that Web3 will revolutionize the world (much as its predecessor Web2 did), then the current market conditions should not be seen as a deterrent. Our focus should remain on advancing the technology, educating the public, and creating transformative dApps for the greater good	Web3, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse
In time, we will all reap the benefits of true digital property rights and a more equitable digital economy, regardless of market fluctuations. Also, given all the excitement around the imminent launch of various Bitcoin Spot ETF and the recent inflows in Web3 projects I would argue that, while overall activity by volume might be lower than the peaks of 2021, its still reasonably positive	Web3, Animoca Brands, Crypto, Metaverse
From a field reserved only for cypherpunks and heavily tech-oriented people to a global phenomenon thats now ventured into the mainstream, blockchain is no longer a topic thats raising as many eyebrows as it used to, and Web3 became mainstream in talks. Those whove been following the latest gaming and NFT developments have surely heard of Animoca Brands: one of the most prominent gaming studios and VC, boasting a tremendous investment portfolio, including names like The Sandbox, Axie Infinity, Atari, Alien Worlds, Aurory, and many more. Animoca Brands has been one of the driving forces of the blockchain gaming niche  a use case touted by many as the most prolific and powerful when it comes to implementing the technology. During EthCC 2023,Crypto Potatosat down with Yat Siu  Animoca Brands co-founder and executive chairman. In an eye-opening interview, he shared his thoughts on the latest rise in popularity of crypto in Asian countries, or even a China 2. 0 wave (they see an opportunity to break away from the US), why he is sure that there will be a second wave of NFTs and why Ripples win over the SEC is a breakthrough for the industry, where the next big trend will come from and when. What made you believe in the emerging blockchain industry, and when did you first hear about Bitcoin? I heard about Bitcoin over 10 years ago, but my interest in it wasnt really that big	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
I experimented. It was more intellectual interest. What really got me into crypto wasnon-fungible tokens (NFTs),which are basically CryptoKitties in 2017	Web3, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
One of our subsidiaries was based in Vancouver, and it was involved in building CryptoKitties. And the co-founder of that business ended up becoming a co-founder of Dapper Labs, and we became investors in that business. Since youre talking about Bitcoin, I find that the conversation that happened with CryptoKitties back in 2017 is very similar to NFTs, with the ERC-721 standard being very similar to what were seeing today with Ordinals and Inscriptions. It almost feels like history repeating itself. What really excited us wasnt so much about the financial aspect of it; although thats a key component, its the cultural aspect	Web3, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
The fact that we can now actually own, basically, stores of digital culture through NFTs. Because we had a gaming background, it meant a lot to us because, as a gamer, you wanted to keep your virtual identities, you wanted to keep your weapons or your assets or things, and things that evolved you as a character in the game. We embarked on this vision	Web3, Animoca Brands, Atari, NFT, Metaverse
And in the last five years, we have made over 450 investments in anything related to NFTs and Web3. Youre based in Hong Kong. China has had a love-hate relationship with crypto	Web3, Yat Siu, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
How do you view the recent developments in Hong Kongs opening to crypto? In your EthCC 6 speech, you mentioned that Asian countries are pushing Web3 because they see an opportunity to break away from the US. Do you believe there are other reasons? Chinas always had a love relationship with blockchain, to be precise	Web3, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
It is a love-hate relationship with crypto for a couple of reasons. First of all, theres obviously a whole currency matter, but I think the bigger issue that China had with crypto, and particularly with Bitcoin, was mining. Because when you think about whats important for China, its about energy safety	Crypto, Metaverse
And it wasnt very helpful that people were basically mining Bitcoin, right? That was perhaps the bigger reason why there was a crackdown on mining in China. But separately speaking, blockchain technology, theyre very excited about	Web3, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
And when you think about the role of Hong Kong, Hong Kong has always been the financial intermediary of China. Its always been the way in which money flows in and out of China, for foreign direct investment, for investments outside, and so forth. I think when it comes to digital assets, as in crypto, its exactly the same	Web3, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
As I was talking in my ETHCC speech, its not a coincidence, I think, that Hong Kong was opening up to Web3 and crypto and blockchain, and then China was talking about it and releasing their own Web3 strategy paper around that. To me, theyre all interrelated and tied, but theyre one; theyre connected to each other	Web3, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse, Blockchain
Meaning that you do not expect, for instance, that in the short term, you can buy crypto directly in China, but you can do it through Hong Kong, for instance. I think that could be a potential path, but I dont think China is going to allow the trading of crypto inside China. Speaking on the US falling behind in Web3 and metaverse, as well as if that may change following the upcoming presidential elections. Theres so much activity about metaverse, about Web3	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Crypto, Metaverse
Theyre all trying to push it and try to become leaders in this space. And this might be perhaps the first time in a while that the US might possibly find behind in the short term. everyone is looking at the elections, and I think theres some truth to the fact that they might provide hope because regardless of who wins, then its about policymaking rather than about politics per se. But the Ripple case to me is really interesting because it makes the very first distinction that just one token is one per use case	Metaverse
A token can be viewed as nuanced. If the token is used this way, its security	Yat Siu
If a token is used another way, its a utility. In other words, context matters. I think the recent ruling by the judge has given new energy to the US, regardless of where the regulator wants it to go. I think post-ripple, everyone who was scared of doing something with tokens is now like, maybe thats the cost of doing business	Metaverse
We take some risk, but its an acceptable risk as opposed to before when it was unacceptable. Im quite hopeful about that. The gamify industry still seems very active in Japan despite the fact that were in a bear market, while here in the West, it seems like its relatively low. Do you agree with this observation? How does Animoca view this, and where is the current geo focus of Animoca Brands? First of all, globally speaking, theres still a positive trend on Web3	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Metaverse
It comes from a small number, but theres still growth everywhere around the world, even in the US. But thats, again, because the numbers were starting from are low. However, having said that, when it comes to consumer opinion, in Asia, it is very friendly	Metaverse
In America, it is not so friendly. In some cases, they are actually even hostile. I would say that the gamers themselves, which is the majority of young people out there, are sharing their anti-capitalist views from the perspective of crypto	Crypto, Metaverse
So, in other words, the same opinions that they have about someone whos working in banking in New York and Wall Street are how they view people in crypto. So that means that Bitcoin, NFTs, and Bored Apes, to them its digital capitalism. They may not articulate it in that way, but its the same feeling because when you look at the reactions that gamers have in America to NFTs, it is not a logical reaction	Web3, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
It is a very emotional reaction. Do you expect a comeback of NFTs? Wave two? How is it going to be different from the previous one? Absolutely, yes. First of all, I think were going to see more mass adoption	Web3, NFT
And that comes from culture  as it always does, right? The pure financial nature of crypto is appealing to a subset of people who are very financially literate. But the way that we bring mass adoption is through culture. Entertainment, gaming, fashion, all that kind of stuff	Animoca Brands, Atari, Crypto, Metaverse
Things that we as humans identify with. As you know, it takes several years to make a good game. Most of the games were funded in the last 12 to 18 months	Metaverse
Those games are going to be released in the coming 12 to 18 months. When they come out, we think were going to see quite a bit of mass adoption. Will The Board Ape Yacht Club Make a Comeback? For entrepreneurs whore reading this, what are the main criteria you would look for in a project before investing? First, assume the team is technical, they know their background, and so on	Yat Siu, Metaverse
And obviously, product-market fit is always an important one, but in this space, sometimes its hard to know. What I find so exciting about Web3 is that product-market fit can sometimes be something we never thought fit, right? Because its a new industry	Web3, Metaverse
If you think about virtual employment, thats not something that people wouldve thought about as a natural thing. If you thought about Play-to-Earn or if you thought about digital collectibles, these are all concepts that, five years ago, didnt have product market fit. We look for founders who are driven by purpose. The Web3 investment style is more about shared success	Web3, Metaverse
How does what I built to end up creating benefits for the broader ecosystem as a whole? Animoca Brands has grown exponentially and become one of the major players in the gaming industry. What, in your opinion, sets Animoca Brands apart from others? What would you say are the key turning points for your company? I would say the key turning points for Animoca Brands  obviously our embrace on Web3, but more importantly  the conviction that what were building is of critical importance to the industry broadly. So even though people say that were a gaming company because we made lots of gaming investments (we made over 140 gaming investments, and we are obviously involved with some of the biggest Web3 gaming projects), the purpose of what were building, which is digital property rights, and the mission to essentially create the Web3 ecosystem, which is all about what we consider stakeholder capitalism, in which every customer becomes an owner, thats the broader mission. What excites you and Animoca Brands? Outside of the gaming field, I would say one area that we have been looking at is education. Education today is a $5 trillion market, and almost nobody in crypto is looking at education. Where will the next big trend come from? I dont think that NFTs are done yet, because they are like the homepage	Web3, Animoca Brands, Yat Siu, Atari, NFT, Crypto, Metaverse
In other words, everything will have NFTs. Everything will need NFTs in one form or another	Web3, NFT
To me, its a little bit going to be more like the usage of NFTs will drive mass adoption. The mass onboarding it hasnt even started yet.	Web3, NFT, Metaverse
