Content	Keywords
Yat Siu is the co-founder and executive chairman of Animoca Brands, a global leader in blockchain and gaming with the goal to provide property rights for virtual assets	Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain
Yat began his career at Atari Germany, then established Hong Kong Cybercity/Freenation, the first free web page and email provider in Asia. In 1998 he set up Outblaze, an award-winning pioneer of multilingual white label web services	
After selling one of its business units to IBM, he pivoted Outblaze to incubate digital entertainment projects. One of those projects is Animoca Brands	Animoca Brands
Yat has numerous accolades, including Global Leader of Tomorrow at the World Economic Forum, Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the DHL/SCMP Awards, and recognition as one of Cointelegraph's top 100 notable people in blockchain. A classically trained musician, Yat is a member of the advisory board of BAFTA (British Academy of Film and Television Arts) and a director of the Asian Youth Orchestra	Blockchain
In 1998 he moved on to set up Outblaze, a web-based multilingual white label communication and collaboration service. Yat Sius steady leadership and vision steered Outblaze through the Dotcom Bubble and it emerged as an award-winning world leader in tech innovation	Yat Siu
In 2009, Yat sold Outblazes messaging unit to IBM and its assets helped open the first cloud computing laboratory in Hong Kong. This move pivoted Outblaze to become an incubator of projects and companies that develops digital entertainment services and products	
One of those incubated companies is Animoca Brands, which Yat Siu created in 2014. As an early advocate for the use of blockchain and non-fungible tokens (NFTs) in the gaming industry, Yat steered Animoca Brands in 2008 to focus on blockchain technology and NFTs	Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain, NFTs, Gaming Industry
Seeing the potential of decentralised apps and assets, Yat Siu wants gamers to enjoy true ownership of their own game assets, data, and, consequently, equity. Today, Animoca Brands delivers digital property rights to the worlds gamers and Internet users, thereby creating a new asset class, play-to-earn economies, and a more equitable digital framework contributing to the building of the open metaverse	Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Digital Property Rights, Open Metaverse, Play-to-Earn
Animoca Brands was recently valued at $5.9 billion. It operates a series of NFT-centric subsidiaries and products, with investments in over 170 blockchain-related companies, making it one of the largest blockchain portfolios in the world	Animoca Brands, Blockchain
A father of three and a frequent speaker at parenting, education and tech conferences, Yat observed a gap between what children are taught in Hong Kong schools and the pressing needs of our technology-dominant future. Collaborating with the Dalton School founders, Yat Siu set up the Dalton Learning Lab in 2017	Yat Siu
An afterschool digital lab that focuses on fostering divergent thinking and developing useful, future-ready skills applicable to the real world. Yat is also the founder of ThinkBlaze, the research arm of Outblaze investigating socially meaningful issues in technology	
Yat Siu was named World Economic Forum Global Leader of Tomorrow and a Young Global Leader of Tomorrow. He has also earned numerous accolades for his contributions in business and society	Yat Siu
This includes the Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the DHL/SCMP Awards, and recognition as Coindesks Most Influential 2022 and one of Cointelegraphs Top 100 Notable People in Blockchain. A classically trained musician, Yat is a member of the advisory board of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) and a director of the Asian Youth Orchestra	Blockchain
Some of them are worth millions of dollars,ù Yat says. speaks to who I am and speaks to the kind of culture that I want to promote; it speaks to my identity. Yat is the executive chairman and co-founder of Animoca Brands, a unicorn-status company he established in Hong Kong in 2014 as an app for mobile game developers	Animoca Brands
Today the company is at the forefront of creating digital property rights for gamers using blockchain technology, giving individuals full possession of their assets, equity and, significantly, ownership of their data. Life actually is a game in itself, its just not very well designed for most of us,ù he says	Blockchain, Digital Property Rights
But in the metaverse you can create new types of experiences that actually mimic life itself, with perhaps better or fairer rules for all.ù Yat Siu, whose company, Animoca Brands, creates digital property rights for gamers, believes life is like a game in itself, but not well designed for most people	Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Digital Property Rights
Why culture and ownership are critical to the metaverse Blockchain Crypto Regulatory Watch & Listen Indexes Forkast 500 NFT Index Forkast ETH NFT Composite Forkast SOL NFT Composite Forkast POL NFT Composite Forkast CAR NFT Composite Latest News Enterprise Markets Regulatory Opinion Forkast+ Asia-Pacific Australia China Hong Kong India Japan SE Asia Singapore South Korea Blockchain CBDCs DeFi NFTs Crypto Bitcoin Ethereum Cardano XRP Stablecoins Altcoins Learn Explainers Digital Assets Report China Blockchain Report State of the NFT Market Watch & Listen The Daily Forkast Word on the Block Forkast+ Events Newsletters About Us Our Story Join Our Team Contact Cookies Terms of Service Trending FTX SBF Bitcoin ETF Grayscale SEC BlackRock Forkast. News is now Forkast Labs Opinion Metaverse Economy NFT - Non-Fungible Token Ordinals Web 3.0 Published July 13, 2023 | 9:19 am HKT Last updated 1 year ago By Yat Siu Share on twitter Share on linkedin Share on facebook Share on telegram Share on whatsapp Share on line Why culture and ownership are critical to the metaverse: Opinion As stores of our identity, customs and creativity, NFTs will drive Web3 adoption and become central to the new digital economy, writes Yat Siu, executive chairman of Animoca Brands	Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain, NFTs, Web3 Adoption, Ordinals
Ordinal Inscriptions, which are assets inscribedù on the lowest denomination of a Bitcoin (BTC), are, effectively, non-fungible tokens for Bitcoin. Just as strong interest in NFTs overloaded the Ethereum network starting back in 2017,†demand for Ordinals today is causing disruptions on the Bitcoin network, leading to spirited debate about the value and applications of Ordinals	NFTs, Ordinals
Disruptive change forces innovation, and the introduction of Ordinals is reason for enthusiasm†for the future of Bitcoin and all crypto. This disruption is leading to new innovations and network effects , whether in marketplaces, games or other aspects of the decentralized world	Ordinals, Network Effects
Put simply, the Ordinals introduced by Bitcoin finally give the most valuable crypto community (by market cap) something it needed to expand meaningfully: a way to store not just digital value but also digital culture . The interplay of NFTs and culture has been very close to my heart for years; I have often remarked that while Bitcoins are stores of value, NFTs are stores of culture	NFTs, Ordinals
I am now forced to revise that statement since Ordinals allow denominations of Bitcoin to serve as stores of culture. If youre not familiar with Ordinals, read all about them in this primer 	Ordinals
In this essay, I would like to focus on the importance of culture to global economies and, by extension, to digital economies as well. By digital economies I mean not only metaverses and virtual worlds but also layer-1 networks such as Ethereum and, more recently, Bitcoin	
Culture, ownership, network effects, business creation Culture î the expressions of our collective identity, creativity and customs î is an often-underestimated force in both the metaverse and the real world. Culture is a key contributor to the development of prosperous societies and represents an important segment of any economy	Network Effects
Culture is also intrinsically connected to ownership, for example as in the attribution and commercialization of intellectual property. Ownership over something gives us corresponding economic freedom over it: the ability to transact and use it as you please	
Ownership also allows us to partake in the network effects related to that ownership. Consider all the businesses that exist solely due to our ability to own things	Network Effects
Take cars, for example. The network of businesses connected to car ownership î such as insurance, spare parts, sound systems, rentals and ride-sharing services î forms an ecosystem much greater, more valuable and farther-reaching than the automotive industry itself	
As a result of these network effects, the utility of owning a thing like a car becomes significantly enhanced, making the experience of car ownership more valuable. Each new business or service that attaches itself to something we own adds to that things network effect	Network Effects
Another powerful effect of ownership is that owning something can contribute to our identity î to culture î in a manner that is distinct from the objects utility. Take your fashion choices, the vehicle you drive, a family heirloom or your wedding ring î the ownership of such items can carry deep embedded meanings that are shared only within a small community with no immediate economic expectations, but that nonetheless shape our entire identity, legacy and story	
Stores of digital culture in the open metaverse NFTs serve as stores of digital culture because Web3 enables true digital ownership, allowing digital items to carry personal meaning. Given that we spend a significant portion of our lives online and that for many of us, our digital existence is potentially as valuable and important as our physical existence, the discussion of culture and digital ownership in the metaverse is incredibly relevant	NFTs, Open Metaverse, Digital Ownership
A lot of people raise their eyebrows at NFTs and Web3 because of the prices they see on the higher end of the spectrum. They look at a Bored Ape (Bored Ape Yacht Club is a project of Yuga Labs, one of the portfolio companies of Animoca Brands, which also includes Forkast Labs) and say, How can that be priced higher than my Birkin bag, which is an actual real item I can use in the physical world?ù But that is an error in thinking	Animoca Brands, NFTs
People dont buy a hugely expensive Birkin bag just to put stuff in it. Pure utility is not the point	
The value of a Birkin bag comes from the network effect generated by all the people who consider Birkin bags to contribute value to their social identity. The bags pure utility is a distant second	
Its about owning a story and being part of a culture and community that become integrated with ones identity. The same is true for digital culture in the open metaverse today: Ownership, identity, and the related network effects are often more important considerations than pure utility	Open Metaverse, Network Effects
In a sense, social identity has emerged as a new utility for digital items, just as occurs in the real world for physical items like Birkin bags or high-end fashion in general. This evolution of digital items is perhaps the most fascinating aspect of the open metaverse, which is based on developing new virtual economies within the new ownership framework enabled by Web3	Open Metaverse, Virtual Economies
Consider that users all over the world already spend billions of dollars on virtual goods for Web2 video games and virtual worlds, where their purchased items are not actually owned but merely licensed. Skins and cosmetic items have no specific utility but they enable users to express their culture and identity	
That allows these items to generate tens of billions of dollars a year and, according to a report by Credence Research , the virtual goods market is estimated to grow to more than US$200 billion by 2028. Culture TVL: Powering the real and virtual economies In the real world, culture is already a major economic contributor, both in terms of job creation as well as consumption and acquisition of goods	Virtual Economies
Every day all of us interact with aspects of culture in various manners î emotional, economic utilitarian or otherwise î and these interactions drive a significant portion of the economy. Without culture, there would be no entertainment	
Without entertainment, there would be no TVs or cinemas or video games. Without video games (and digital culture in general) there would be no PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo or gaming PCs	
Without advances in game tech, we would probably not have the graphical processing technology that has empowered other industries. Display technology is a good example of how cultural demand gave us better tech: In a few years, we went from cumbersome and limiting CRT displays to flat/curved panels and the miniaturized wonders found in mobile phones	
In the United States, one of the worlds major exporters of culture, culture î including the arts î contributes significant value to GDP . In 2021, the arts and culture made up more than US$1 trillion of the U.S	
economy, growing more rapidly than other sectors. This should not be surprising, because culture drives consumption and therefore affects almost all aspects of trade and retail	
Think of an aspect of culture and imagine if utility was its main driver of consumption î in many cases that just doesnt work. We could choose clothing that only serves the purpose of covering our bodies, and yet that utility is a distant second to the cultural aspects of fashion	
People make fashion choices based on who they are and who they want to be. This individual need for expression explains why there are so many fashion choices	
Cultural expression isnt limited to fashion; it translates into other real-world purchases, whether its cars, property, jewelry or even skin-deepù purchases such as tattoos and piercings. Because culture is already a highly significant real-world driver of the economy, creativity and innovation, it has a similar impact on the open metaverse, which is forming around us every day thanks to the proliferation of Web3	Open Metaverse
To put it in crypto terms, culture in the real world represents one of the major TVL, or total value locked , of any economy. The same phenomenon of culture as TVL is already occurring in virtual worlds: The purchase of skins or cosmetic items in your favorite games is the metaverse equivalent of fashion purchases in the real world	
Culture is the driver. NFTs store digital culture and, given the economic power of culture, it is easy to see why NFTs are driving the adoption of Web3 in their myriad forms, including avatars, video games, education, music and many other industries	NFTs
Culture is a key pillar of the economic growth and sustainability of the new virtual economies being created in the open metaverse. The open metaverse Unlike its mainstream cousin, which emphasizes interface technologies to access proprietary walled gardenù experiences, the open metaverse is based on ownership and culture	Open Metaverse, Virtual Economies
Despite the crypto chill and various macroeconomic woes, the open metaverse remains an incredibly exciting space. NFT sales totaled US$4.7 billion in Q1 2023 , which is remarkable in itself but even more so for an industry that was supposed to be dead.ù Perhaps the most notable fact of all is that digital stores of culture (NFTs) generated over $24 billion in 2022 and that 90%†or more†of that value was shared with their creators and participants But thats only the tip of the iceberg, because were still in the early days of property rights for†goods in the virtual world.†According to McKinsey research, the metaverse has the potential to generate US$5 trillion in value by 2030	NFTs, Open Metaverse
As Web3 continues to become more established, more popular and easier to access, the all-important impact of culture will manifest itself in ever more powerful ways in the open metaverse, driving demand, consumption and utility as we truly enter the age of digital ownership	Open Metaverse, Digital Ownership
A technology entrepreneur and investor based in Hong Kong, Yat is also the founder and CEO of Outblaze , an award-winning pioneer of multilingual white label web services. Yat began his career at Atari Germany in 1990	
In 1995 he moved to Hong Kong to establish Hong Kong Cybercity/Freenation, a free web page and email provider in Asia. In 1998 he set up Outblaze, and in 2009, he sold Outblazes messaging unit to IBM and pivoted Outblaze to become an incubator of digital entertainment companies	
Here below you will find our interview with him. Summary What are the trends that you believe will drive the Web3 space in 2024? What are some of the biggest regulatory challenges facing Web3 companies today, and how can these challenges be turned into opportunities for market expansion? As a pioneer of the open metaverse, how do you envision its evolution over the next few years? What strategies do you recommend for driving consumer adoption and engagement in Web3? What are the strategies that you are adopting or the investments you are doing to follow these kinds of trends? What do you think about the market of NFT right now? Will it go up again? Can you give us a comment about your idea of returning to the stock market in the future? What are the trends that you believe will drive the Web3 space in 2024? Generally speaking the trends that we think will drive this cycle is basically culture, very heavily driven towards gaming and of course distribution narratives	Open Metaverse
So that means that on the culture side whether its like GAMI or like Mocoverse, or digital identity, the gaming narratives are going to be big things because theyre going to onboard users. And in terms of distribution narratives, things like TON, for instance	
Telegram helps solve a really big problem when it comes to Web3 user adoption and onboarding. GAMI now has 3 million daily active users because of Telegram and the TON blockchain 	Blockchain
So to me, those are some of the things that I think become really important drivers in all of this. I believe that over the next 12 to 18 months, were going to see over 100 million users join Web3 because of gaming thats happening to distribution outlets like Telegram	
So thats one of the big trends to look at. So its quite consumer-focused and of course that means things like gaming, entertainment and also education ultimately will become very big narratives in Web3 over the next 12 to 18 months	
What are some of the biggest regulatory challenges facing Web3 companies today, and how can these challenges be turned into opportunities for market expansion? I think when it comes to regulation, it depends on which markets we are operating in, right? So our focus has been Asia and somewhat the Middle East. So the regulatory framework depends on where you are, right? And so we would say that since we dont really operate that much out of the US for the time being, we dont have as much of a regulatory concern around what we do in comparison to maybe some of our peers	
Because in Hong Kong and in Japan and in Southeast Asia, where we operate a lot, that market in Asia has been quite friendly to Web3. The rules have been fairly clear	
And the focus has been on the regulation side, principally on more sort of exchanges, for instance, in service providers and custody providers, rather than people who do web-3 gaming or make investments like us. So it hasnt really affected us as much	
But obviously for our portfolio, especially the portfolio,the investment portfolio that has US exposure, obviously theyve had to grapple with some of this and we have to see how we can support them on the legal side, on the advice side type of thing, and then thoughts around this and also help them enter other markets. As a pioneer of the open metaverse, how do you envision its evolution over the next few years? The evolution of the metaverse is centered very much around digital property rights	Digital Property Rights, Open Metaverse
We think thats the main focus for us. And thats also the mission of the company	
We dont think that the metaverse is around VR, AR, and goggles. Thats one way to access the metaverse	
But thats not the reason, thats not the principal way that you engage with the metaverse. The principal way to engage with the metaverse is by owning digital property	
So in other words, if youre in Web3, you own NFTs , you own tokens. From our vantage point, youre already basically in what we call the open metaverse, in which you have digital property and you can begin to construct from that	NFTs, Open Metaverse
But it starts with your ownership and you build it from there. And were already in the early developing stages of that	
We think theres a lot of activity happening there. If you look at, for instance, like Play to Earn Gaming like Axie Infinity or Pixels, for instance, if you look at whats happening with the NFT space at Mocaverse, these are growing ecosystems and more users are joining them	
More people are being onboarded because of that. And as far as were concerned, these are already in the metaverse	
Theyre just not Facebooks version of the metaverse. Theyre in the open metaverse, which is basically the Web2 metaverse	Open Metaverse
What strategies do you recommend for driving consumer adoption and engagement in Web3? I would say when it comes to adoption, it is games and content. And content, we think, is perhaps the most important thing because content is what you engage in.If you think about content in terms of distribution outputs like Game of Thrones and HBO	
HBO might be the distribution output, but people wont use HBO if they dont have Game of Thrones. The content is king in this case	
So were very focused on the content layer. We also have to make sure that distribution has users that are available to you	
And thats one of the reasons we made such a big ecosystem investment in TON, because we think Telegram will help solve a lot of those distribution issues. What are the strategies that you are adopting or the investments you are doing to follow these kinds of trends? For Animoca , the philosophy of the way that we invest is a little different in the sense that we invest based on the kind of future we think we want to build	
So were quite focused around being targeted towards investment strategies, towards an ecosystem approach, rather than looking at following an investment thesis. We create the investment thesis and then we invest	
And so this investment thesis is focused around gaming, education, and distribution. And so last year we made a big investment in Telegram and the TON ecosystem	
We almost invested in over 150 gaming companies because we believe gaming will be a big driver for that. So we have over 500 investments in the space today already, and we have three, of which over 150, actually maybe 160 of them are in gaming	
Thats probably our single deepest portfolio to top all that. And of course, education is a new area as well	
So weve been actively making investments. This year alone, so far, we probably have done over 70 deals already	
Not all of them have been publicized. But to give you an idea, we are basically putting our money where our mouth is effectively	
What do you think about the market of NFT right now? Will it go up again? I dont think we should hope for a bubble. I dont think thats the point	
NFT can be used in games, can be used for IP rights, can be used for a whole bunch of things, right? But at its core today, most of the NFTs, whether its a virtual land, or its a crypto punk, or its a Beople, right? What are they? Their status is, at this current moment in time, that theyre cultural capital, right? In some ways, its not that different from owning a Ferrari, or a Birkin Bag, or a Rolex watch. You dont buy a Rolex watch each time, you dont buy a Birkin Bag, it tells something about the social status	NFTs, Cultural Capital
So basically, what happens in this community construct is that when you have generated a lot of value in the native Web3 ecosystem, you want to signal your social status† as we do in the real world, based on the items that are representative of that generation and of that ecosystem. So in other words, if I make money or if I achieve a certain status in Web3, I will want a board eight, or I will want a Cryptopunk	
So NFTs currently are doing about half a billion dollars of volume sales a month. So its obviously not as big as it used to be	NFTs
But its also not right. So I think its and I think its and its also summer	
So typically post summer period, when the market activity picks up, youll see more volumes and trade and activity. Thats I think its also a seasonal thing as well	
Typically, that is true for all markets. Can you give us a comment about your idea of returning to the stock market in the future? So, first of all, when the journalist interviewed me, they asked me the question and they said, do you want to go public again?ù And I said yes, because were already a public company, right? Were just a list, were already a public company, we have 2,000 e-mail shareholders	
In some ways, Animoca is kind of almost like a DAO because we have to go through voting and everything in our registry. So we do want to go public, thats a fact	
But I did say it will probably be in 2025 or 2026. So its not just 2025, its somewhere between those two	
And theres a lot of work that we need to do. We need to do a domicile, we need to move out of Australia, we need to decide which market we want to list, we need to hire an advisor	
So theres still a lot of work that needs to be done. But it is true that we do intend to go public	
