1. Tsunade, Jiraiya, and Orochimaru are former students of the Third Hokage.
2. She is the granddaughter of the First Hokage.
3. Many characters call her "hime," meaning "princess."
4. Initially, Tsunade hates being Hokage.
5. Her brother and boyfriend died pursuing their Hokage dreams.
6. This caused her to lose faith in the title and dreams.
7. Meeting Naruto Uzumaki, who pursues his Hokage dream relentlessly, restores her faith.
8. She becomes the Fifth Hokage to protect Konohagakure.
9. Tsunade often avoids her Hokage duties, delegating them to assistants.
10. She handles important village matters and leads Konoha against Akatsuki in Part II.
11. A Pain invasion forces her to use all energy summoning Katsuyu, putting her in a coma.
12. She is temporarily dismissed as Hokage.
13. Tsunade is a compulsive gambler with bad luck.
14. Winning streaks are seen as bad omens, prompting her to strengthen defenses.
15. Despite being in her fifties, she looks like a twenty-year-old.
16. Tsunade is a powerful ninja with superhuman strength.
17. She can heal injuries others consider incurable.
18. She has a regeneration method making her nearly invincible.
19. Tsunade takes Haruno Sakura as an apprentice in Part I, teaching her her abilities.
20. “This isn’t like plotting a sequel to your novel! We don’t have any time to waste here!”
21. “If anything happens, contact me through your toad, and I’ll rush in to help you myself
22. Tsunade is a very action oriented character
23.  Always in the moment, she is quick to react to whatever situation she finds herself in
24.  She is impatient and extremely quick to anger, according to Jiraiya, and this is proven to be true throughout the series
25.  One particular instance is when she sends Sora flying through the door and into the wall when he calls her an old lady
26.  She then proceeds to attack him until he claims to have said bold lady, at which point she drags him back into the room proclaiming “Good, that’s what I thought you said
27. ” When we first come across her, she is found wandered from place to place, gambling and running from the authorities
28.  Later on, she is seen viewing risks as a challenge
29.  For instance, before performing the risky surgery on Rock Lee, she remarks that it was going to be a challenge and that there was only one way to find out if it was going to work out or not
30. During her time as Hokage, she is often seen avoiding her work and going off to get a drink, or going to the hot springs, or basically acting on an impulse of some kind or another
31.  She is like this so much that Shizune is genuinely shocked on the rare occasion that she takes her work seriously
32.  She is accused by the elders of having a lack of leadership and for giving unclear orders during the ‘zombie’ incident
33.  The constant disagreements lead to strained relations between her and them, and she is shown getting physical with the elders in times of frustration
34.  At one point, she grabs one of them by the collar in anger when they tell her that she can’t bring Naruto back to save the village
35. During the flashbacks to the previous ninja war, Tsunade is shown nearly striking Konan who was a little girl at the time, and just trying to give her a gift
36.  However, Tsunade, being overly eager to act/react, assumes that the girl is somehow attacking and instinctively moves to strike her
37.  Jiraiya has to physically stop Tsunade from doing so
38.  Tsunade is also observant, picking up on the fact that Sakura had been visiting Sasuke and bringing him flowers everyday (based on their decay)
39. “I’m not talking about you
40.  I’m talking about that man
41. “I had the same idea, appointing an Anbu Black Ops under my command to fill in for Kakashi
42.  I even had someone specific in mind, but I never thought they’d suggest the exact same thing
43.  I totally thought they were going to force another one of their subordinates on me
44.  Does this mean they think one person is enough to keep tabs on Naruto? Or… maybe they’re after something else entirely
45. “Grow up… Death comes with being a shinobi
46.  There are times when death is hard to accept, but if you don’t get over it, there’s no future…”
47. Tsunade is frequently seen getting lost in her thoughts, and detaching from the moment to mull something over in her mind
48.  She has done this while the person addressing her was still standing in front of her, leaving them unsure about what to do
49.  After a few moments, she typically comes back to the moment, realizes they are still there, and dismisses them
50.  On top of this, she is seen having delayed reactions to certain things as she inwardly processes her thoughts
51.  For instance, she gets angry with Shizune for betraying her to the elders on a delay instead of immediately
52.  Once she processes the thoughts about Kakashi’s replacement, she then circles back around and gets angry with Shizune, even though Tsunade seemed completely fine in that regard a few moments prior
53.  She can be very cynical, like belittling the death of the Hokage and criticizing him for betting his life against all the odds
54.  She also shows little emotion openly after Jiraiya dies, staying mostly quiet and sullen, but ultimately unemotional
55.  She ignores Shikamaru’s protests and requests for her to listen to him right after Jiraiya’s death, and instead gives him the code to decrypt, completely brushing off the original reason he was there and adding an additional mission to his workload
56. She is not one to shy away from rule breaking, frequently doing things she shouldn’t be doing instead of working and bending or breaking rules as she sees fit
57.  She makes fake hands so she can appear as if she is working while she is secretly pouring herself a drink under the table
58.  She implements what is considered a risky move by keeping Naruto in action, fighting off the elders and Shizune because keeping him moving makes the most sense to her
59.  She defends and implement her internal logic in spite of the protests
60.  She breaks rules relatively easy, which Shizune complains about, and will switch/change things around suddenly (like putting Naruto on a team last minute because he bribes her with food)
61. One of the ways her Fe manifests is in the fact that she worries about how others perceive her physically
62.  She puts a constant chakra strain on herself simply to have a youthful appearance
63.  Even though later in life she seems mean, Shizune states that she used to be kind
64.  You can also see her Fe in the vocal and passionate way that she sticks up for and defends Naruto against the elders, refusing to make him into a caged animal
65.  Her Fe also comes out in the way she handles Naruto, being more prone to arguing with him instead of just immediately shutting him down
66.  Another example of her Fe use is when she observes the love triangle going on between Naruto, Sakura, and Sasuke
67.  Her fiery way of lashing out when she is angry is also indicative of Se-Fe
68. “That’s a bad sign
69.  Don’t tell me… Group 3
70.  Number 117037
71.  I knew it! I won, and first prize too
72.  Definitely a bad omen
73. Tsunade shows examples of inferior Ni all throughout the show
74.  Despite trying to use her Ni, she frequently ends up using it poorly, like going off of hunches when gambling and almost always being wrong
75.  When it comes to anything gut or luck related in that sense, she has gained a reputation for being notoriously bad
76.  She does also use it in more constructive ways, like when she has a hunch that the stolen formula is connected to Orochimaru somehow, but she doesn’t really utilize it in any strong or meaningful ways
77.  Another example of Ni use is when she has a problem with a certain mission because it centers around cursed warriors, ghosts, and generally seems like a wild goose chase
78.  She is able to identify that something was clearly off about the situation
79.  She also gets a bad feeling when she actually starts winning during gambling, declaring something isn’t right in the town
80. Hi there, reader! If you enjoyed that article, leave us a quick comment to encourage us to keep writing
81.  In addition, if you've found our content helpful in some way, please consider Buying Us A Coffee to support our efforts and help keep this website running
82.  Thank you!
83. Thanks for doing my request
84.  Tsunade is into very action focused and I very much do see her on the Se-Ni especially with her sudden gut hunches warning her
85.  I also thought the way you described her Ti usage as quite interesting
86.  But I’m not sure about Fe
87.  During her wandering days did she ever succumb to an Se-Fe loop or a Ni grip? If so could you explain how those aspects would manifest itself
88.  I know you like to type people when they are most healthy but it would be interest to look at these aspects of what her functions are like when unhealthy
89.  Additionally would you say she views the past in a Ni way? With the whole incorporation of the necklace-its memories + how she sees Naruto in her former loved ones?
90. Tsunade was in a Ni grip during her time wandering
91.  It manifests in the fact that she had lost any desire to place hope in the future
92.  Because the two she had entrusted the future to had died
93.  So she gets super cynical about
94.  She is afraid to entrust the future to Naruto because she fears that he will die once she does, just as the others had
95.  The necklace is symbolic (Also Ni) and she gives it to Naruto to symbolize that she is entrusting the future to him
96.  I also agree her Fe-Ni is what is showing her the same abstracted qualities in Naruto as the other two shared
97. I think that thing to worry how others could see her would have much more to do with a Se-Te circle
98.  I’m right? What do you think about?
99. It potentially could be
100.  Te users can definitely worry about what others think
101.  What made us lean Fe in relation to her worrying about her appearance is that it’s not all efficient to be masking her appearance
102.  In fact, it causes her to essentially waste her chakra, which seems anti-Te
103.  Of course, we had other evidence in the article for her being Ti/Fe as well
104. I fully agree with this Mara and Ryan
105.  Tsunade is ESTP definitely, people get so confused on her so often they think all kinds of types like ENTJ, ESTJ, ENFJ
106.  But I’ve always seen Tsunade as a clear ESTP, she uses Se all the time and reacts to details in the moment and pays attention to details and is very spontaenous
107.  She’s described as very unorganized and is extremely irresponsible and we see this with her hatred of the Hokage role and duties and her terrible habit of gambling and having fun over work
108.  And she defiinitely sees logical inconsistencies with Ti and has Fe with feeling other peoples emotions and focusing on there emotions state
109.  And he’s not good a planning or being future oriented unless she’s showing her mature sure and trying to tell people the next course of strategy and what’s going on behind the scenes and to prepare for something she predicts will happen to the village or on a mission or task they have to handle
110.  Some people can mix this up with Te or Ni being higher up but no it’s really her Ni inferior and Ti deducation and accuracy to find logical solutions for things and her Se react to new details in the moment and handling problems on the spot as she goes and living fully today in the moment again