0	Hinata Hyuga is a Naruto anime series character who belongs to the mightiest Hyuga clan of Hidden Leaf.
1	She is a fan favorite female character in the Naruto series.
2	Hinata Hyuga is a Kunoichi of Hidden Leaf village (Konohagakure) and a former heiress of the Hyuga clan.
3	Still, because she is not meant to be the leader of one of the strongest clans in the Naruto series, she has been dropped to be the leader of the clan and carry them to another generation.
4	She was very nervous and had no motivation to be a great shinobi.
5	Still, after meeting Naruto Uzumaki over the course of her childhood, seeing him perform, and not going back on his words, and even though everyone calls him a weakling, she decided to follow his ninja way.
6	From then on, she started to grow stronger and stronger, and now she is one of the strongest Kunoichi in the Hidden Leaf village with the great power of Byakugun , a dojutsu that allows a user to see 360 degrees and also the chakra points.
7	She has been in love with Naruto since childhood when he saved her from some bullies who were making fun of her eyes.
8	As a Byakugan user, their eyes are more unusual than the rest of the others.
9	Byakugan eyes are not like Sharingan eyes which go back to normal when they are not using the power, and all Hyuga clan members have the same kind of eyes.
10	Hinata and Naruto married at the end of the series and even have one movie, The Last: Naruto the Movie , where they both confess their love to each other.
11	Hinata is from the Hyuga clan, a Byakugan user and the oldest daughter of Hiashi Hyuga.
12	She is the Hyuga family's clan leader and the strongest Hyuga member.
13	She started to train under her father, but soon he realized that she was not very strong-minded.
14	Many Hyuga members thought of her as a weakling, but that was not the case.
15	Since her childhood, Hinata has been very sensitive and careful about everything.
16	She has a shy personality and doesn’t want to hurt anyone, which restricts her moves to be more defensive whenever she fights someone.
17	After seeing her personality and strength, Hiashi Hyuga arranged a match between Hinata and her younger sister Hanabi Hyuga .
18	During that fight, her father saw that Hinata was hesitating to fight or hurt Hanabi, making him reconsider his choice for the next clan leader.
19	Hinata was handed over to Kurenai Sarutobi , a sensei in the academy, from the Sarutobi Clan .
20	The day Hinata got enrolled in the Academy, she was cornered by three kids who started to bully her because of her eyes.
21	Naruto saw Hinata getting bullied and came to rescue her.
22	Even though he was weak against them, he still showed his courage.
23	He told those three boys that he would be the Hokage one day, but sadly, he got beaten up by them.
24	However, they left Hinata alone, and that’s how Hinata’s love story with Naruto started.
25	The Chunin's exam made Hinata stronger when she saw Naruto fighting with all he got, and she got inspired by his words- “I never give up.” She fought with Neji Hyuga in the Chunin exam, and after that, on the brink of defeat, Naruto cheered her on.
26	She then took Naruto’s motto and said that she would never give up from now on; from then on, she just got stronger.
27	In the fight between Naruto and Pain , when Naruto gets caught by Pain and is about to get killed, Hinata comes forward to save him despite knowing that she is no match for Pain.
28	She still goes to save Naruto, and that’s what happened; Pain killed her, triggering Naruto to change into his Nine-tailed beast form.
29	Hinata played an important role in the 4th ninja war when she was able to keep Naruto's mind together as he fell into depression because of the death of his comrades.
30	Obito 's words caused him to lose his spirit to fight against him, and when he was ready to join Obito, Hinata slapped her and reminded him of his vow.
31	In Boruto , Hinata is a perfect wife and mother, and to be that, she left her ninja missions and became a full-time housewife so that she could take care of her children and Naruto, who is the Hokage of the village.
32	Hinata is considered a fan favorite female character in the Naruto series.
33	When she was a child, she used to be very shy and soft-spoken, and very few times did she even say anything.
34	She is so kind that she never wants to hit anyone, which is an issue during training because, in the academy, students do one-on-one fights to improve their movements.
35	When she saw Naruto in the Chunin Exam and saw how tough and brave he was, even though everyone thought he was weakling, she decided to follow Naruto Ninja's way: never give up.
36	From then on, her personality started to change when she had a duel or any mission.
37	Even though Hinata was getting stronger, her shyness never went away.
38	Whenever she saw Naruto, she got so nervous that she sometimes fainted, like when Naruto came back after 2 years of training with Jiraya sensei, one of the Legendary Sannin and a grandfather figure of Naruto.
39	During Pain's fight , she shows courage and duels with him one-on-one to save Naruto from Pain.
40	She says, ‘I can die for you, Naruto, because I love you.’
41	She contributed well during the 4th Ninja War and showed courage to save Naruto from Madara and Obito.
42	After she became the mother and wife of Naruto, she became a real woman and started to be more confident and strict with her kids, Boruto and Himawari.
43	That is one of the huge changes Hinata has in Boruto.
44	Hinata, in childhood, has short purple hair, which we saw during the movie and in some Naruto episodes where she remembers her childhood.
45	In Naruto Part 1, Hinata's purple hair grows a bit more, but the hairstyle is still the same.
46	She wears a cream-colored jacket, and on both sides of her arm, there is a fire logo.
47	In Naruto Shippuden, she wears a light purple jacket with blue pants and has long purple hair below her shoulder and a fair complexion.
48	She has grown taller and has a pocket strap around her right thigh to keep her kunai and some small items for missions.
49	She still wears a head protector around her neck.
50	She changes her attire when she has to go on a mission.
51	She wears the sleeveless lavender full top with shorts and high stockings covering her legs.
52	In the movie ‘The Last,’ Hinata wore a few different outfits.
53	At the start, she was wearing her normal purple jacket.
54	During a mission to find Hanabi, she wore her mission outfit.
55	In a few scenes, like when she was about to marry Toneri Otsutsuki, she wears a black gown which many girls wear during a wedding.
56	In the end, we see that when she marries Naruto, she wears her white dress, a Hyuga clan dress for the bride.
57	In Boruto, she Mostly wears a light purple jacket and green shorts with black high-top shoes or sandals and a shoulder-length haircut.
58	Hinata has grown into a strong Shinobi with many Jutsu and fight styles under her arsenal.
59	Hinata is part of the Hyuga clan, so she possesses a special eye power called the Byakugan, which gives her the power to see the chakra points of any person.
60	She can also see 360 degrees around herself with her Byakugun, and her eyes can see around 20 kilometers through anything, but if only there were no jamming jutsu.
61	As a Byakugan user, she can see the Chakra point, and with her taijutsu, she can block the chakra flow in any person's body.
62	Hyuga also has a wind nature style, and with the help of wind and her Byakugan power, they can use Trigram Vacuum Palms, which can blow away anything in its range.
63	She has great Chakra control and can perform healing jutsu, which is not as great as Sakura, Shizune, or Tsunade, but she can heal small wounds.
64	She also can use a Four Corners Sealing Barrier, which can seal a tailed beast.
65	This technique can only be performed by the main house of the Hyuga Clan, and this advanced Juken method is also classified as a hidden technique.
66	Hinata releases a tremendous amount of chakra as shrouds shaped like guardian lions.
67	Along with its terrible force, this jutsu may be coupled with Hakke Rokujuuyon Sho to drain enemies' chakra.
68	After the Land of the Sky attacks Konoha , Naruto, Hinata, and Sakura are tasked with escorting Amaru and Shinn back to their village.
69	When they get to the village, it has been destroyed, and Amaru sets off a booby trap out of distress.
70	Amaru is saved by Shinn, who appears to be mortally injured and dies, as Hinata's Byakugun verifies.
71	When the group split off to explore the region, Hinata was arrested and put in jail along with the other villagers.
72	Later, Amaru locates them, sets them free, and takes them to safety.
73	Hinata and the other members of the Konoha 11 repel an assault by what appears to be the whole Akatsuki cast but are a group of the White Zetsu Army in disguise.
74	When Naruto and Sakura are taken to the Genjutsu World, they see Hinata; she is more forceful, self-assured, and dressed provocatively.
75	Sakura is horrified by Hinata's vow to murder her for ""flirting"" with Naruto since she is smitten by him in the Genjutsu World, and she threatens every girl with him.
76	A crew, including Hinata, is dispatched to the Blood Prison to save Naruto, who was unjustly detained there.
77	She worries when he gets impaled and is relieved when Ryzetsu saves him.
78	Hinata is a member of a team assembled by Hamura's ancestors who had sealed them to Konoha as they look for the supposedly lost ninja Kakashi.
79	Despite finding Naruto and Sakura, Hiruko's goons assault them, and Team 8 members ultimately have to battle Ni and her chimera dogs.
80	Even though they succeed in defeating her, Ni joins forces with colleagues Ichi and San to form a huge flying beast.
81	Hinata and Neji utilize their Gentle Fist to kill the beast as the other members of the Konoha 11 divert its attention.
82	The Konoha 11 are forced to combine their efforts against the beast due to Hiruko's repairs, and Hinata and Neji's contribution is the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms.
83	Every Naruto fan waited for this movie since they wanted to see Naruto and Hinata fall in love; this is one of the main reasons for this movie.
84	The moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki had long ago built to enclose Kaguya Otsutsuki's body starts to descend toward Earth two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War's events.
85	Naruto must cope with this new danger since the moon is now a meteor that will vaporize everything upon impact.
86	Toneri Otsutsuki, a Hamura Otsutsuki descendant who is obstinately eager to carry on his ancestor's heritage, is to blame for the situation.
87	Hinata wants to give Naruto a special present of affection during the Konohagakure Winter Festival—a crimson scarf she crocheted herself in memory of the one he wore in the Academy.
88	Sakura offers to assist.
89	After failing to capture Hinata and causing damage to the scarf she had crafted, Toneri then infiltrated Konoha and abducted Hanabi Hyuga.
90	Naruto, Hinata, Sakura, Sai , and Shikamaru go to save Hanabi after being sent on a mission.
91	Shikamaru is also handed a unique clock that is only owned by the five Kage and appears to be counting down to the end of the world.
92	Naruto eventually understood the idea of love while traveling through the village's ruins and going through Hinata's memories.
93	Toneri eventually steals Hanabi's Byakugun and inserts them into his vacant eye sockets, reawakening the Tenseigan that Hamura's ancestors had sealed during the previous millennia.
94	After being severely beaten by Toneri, he also succeeds in asking Hinata to marry him, and she acts self-assured, which sends Naruto into a profound melancholy.
95	While Naruto is away, Sasuke returns to Konoha to defend the town from meteors that have broken off the moon.
96	Many Naruto fans may not know about this, but every fan should read this as it is about Naruto and Hinata's dating life and shows where they went out on dates and how it happened.
97	They get married in Episode 494 - Naruto’s Wedding.
98	Hinata Hyuga is a Byakugan princess, as revealed in Naruto Movie: The Last.
99	Yes, it’s in the Sakura Hiden arc.
100	Hanabi Hyuga is a younger sister of Hinata Hyuga.
101	Hinata is characterised as shy, thoughtful, serene, kind, and very polite, as noted from her always addressing people with appropriate honorifics .
102	She is also very gentle, a trait that Neji and her father used to consider a flaw, and dislikes competing and fighting.
103	She is shown to be incredibly empathetic, and, because of her upbringing, is one of the very first few characters who identifies with Naruto's painful childhood and desire to be acknowledged.
104	Back in her childhood, as a result of her clan's high expectations as their heiress and her father's gruelling training and him deeming her as a failure, Hinata had lacked self-confidence.
105	However, she was shown to be a very hard worker (something that her father initially failed to notice), as she continuously strived to change herself for the better, though initially this lack of self-confidence would hinder her on even missions.
106	As the series progressed, Hinata became more open about her opinion and confident overall, as she demonstrated a willingness on occasion to take decisive action than ever before.
107	By the time of the Fourth Shinobi World War , her bravery and confidence has extended to the part where she is willing to put her own life on the line for her village, friends, and family.The strongest amount of her new found confidence and bravery was displayed after Neji had died where Hinata was able to pull herself together and even keep Obito Uchiha from getting inside Naruto's head and resolve herself after Neji's death and accept it in the end.
108	Hinata giving Naruto confidence. Hinata's growing self-confidence mainly comes from her long-standing admiration for Naruto, as she was inspired by his enthusiasm, optimism, and his unyielding determination to protect his loved ones.
109	As the series progressed, her admiration towards him grew into genuine care and affection, eventually leading her to fall in love with him.
110	Hinata also has a strong faith in Naruto, believing that he will one day achieve his goal to become Hokage.
111	During the invasion of Pain , Hinata finally confessed her love to Naruto and was also willing to protect him, even at the cost of her own life.
112	After Neji was killed by Obito , she pulled herself together despite the pain she was feeling so she could inspire Naruto once more not to give in or give up on himself, reiterating their shared nindō, which showed how far she has come.
113	Hinata gets along well with her team-matess.
114	Kiba 's actions toward her are often motivated by his concern for her, such as when he urged her to forfeit if she was matched against Neji or Gaara during the Chūnin Exams .
115	Kiba is also aware of her feelings for Naruto, as he tends to tease her a lot about them by embarrassing her by telling her Naruto is near when he isn't or pointing out when she blushes when thinking about Naruto.
116	Shino possesses a quiet confidence in Hinata, and will make a point of assuring others when they doubt or worry about her.
117	Hinata is also the closest to her sensei , who is not only interested in Hinata's growth as a ninja but also as a person.
118	She knows Hinata's personal struggles and unlike her demanding father, Kurenai tries her best to coach Hinata in ways in which she knows her pupil will best respond.
119	After Hinata was knocked down for the final time by Neji in the Chūnin Exams, Kurenai silently congratulated her student's resolve and perseverance.
120	Like Kiba, Kurenai is aware of her affection to Naruto and encourages her to express herself to him.
121	By the end of Part I, Hinata was able to foster better relations with both Neji and her father and started training with them, as well as growing closer and stronger together as a family.
