1.	Hinata is characterized as shy, thoughtful, serene, kind, and very polite, as noted from her always addressing people with appropriate honorifics.
2.	She is also very gentle, a trait that Neji and her father used to consider a flaw, and dislikes competing and fighting.
3.	She is shown to be incredibly empathetic, and, because of her upbringing, is one of the very first few characters who identifies with Naruto's painful childhood and desire to be acknowledged.
4.	Back in her childhood, as a result of her clan's high expectations as their heiress and her father's grueling training and him deeming her as a failure, Hinata had lacked self-confidence.
5.	However, she was shown to be a very hard worker (something that her father initially failed to notice), as she continuously strived to change herself for the better, though initially this lack of self-confidence would hinder her on even missions.
6.	By the time of the Fourth Shinobi World War, her bravery and confidence has extended to the part where she is willing to put her own life on the line for her village, friends, and family.
7.	The strongest amount of her new found confidence and bravery was displayed after Neji had died where Hinata was able to pull herself together and even keep Obito Uchiha from getting inside Naruto's head and resolve herself after Neji's death and accept it in the end.
8.	Hinata giving Naruto confidence.
9.	Hinata's growing self-confidence mainly comes from her long-standing admiration for Naruto, as she was inspired by his enthusiasm, optimism, and his unyielding determination to protect his loved ones.
10.	As the series progressed, her admiration towards him grew into genuine care and affection, eventually leading her to fall in love with him.
11.	Hinata also has a strong faith in Naruto, believing that he will one day achieve his goal to become Hokage.
12.	During theÿinvasion of Pain, Hinata finally confessed her love to Naruto and was also willing to protect him, even at the cost of her own life.
13.	After Neji was killed by Obito, she pulled herself together despite the pain she was feeling so she could inspire Naruto once more not to give in or give up on himself, reiterating their shared nindo, which showed how far she has come.
14.	Hinata gets along well with her team-mates. Kiba's actions toward her are often motivated by his concern for her, such as when he urged her to forfeit if she was matched against Neji or Gaara during the Chunin Exams.
15.	Kiba is also aware of her feelings for Naruto, as he tends to tease her a lot about them by embarrassing her by telling her Naruto is near when he isn't or pointing out when she blushes when thinking about Naruto.
16.	Shino possesses a quiet confidence in Hinata, and will make a point of assuring others when they doubt or worry about her.
17.	Hinata is also the closest to her sensei, who is not only interested in Hinata's growth as a ninja but also as a person.
18.	She knows Hinata's personal struggles and unlike her demanding father, Kurenai tries her best to coach Hinata in ways in which she knows her pupil will best respond.
19.	After Hinata was knocked down for the final time by Neji in the Chunin Exams, Kurenai silently congratulated her student's resolve and perseverance.
20.	Like Kiba, Kurenai is aware of her affection to Naruto and encourages her to express herself to him.
21.	By the end of Part I, Hinata was able to foster better relations with both Neji and her father and started training with them, as well as growing closer and stronger together as a family.
22.	Hinata has dark blue hair (nearly black in the anime) and fair skin; traits that she inherited from her mother.
23.	She also has the customary white eyes of her clan, which have a tinge of lavender in the anime.
24.	She is usually seen with a timid, shy expression in Part I, but less so in Part II, with the exception of when she is around Naruto.
25.	Like the rest of her clan, she possesses the renowned Byakugan which, when activated, stimulates the veins and arteries immediately around her eyes to protrude much more prominently.
26.	In Part I, her hair is in a short, levelled hime-cut style just above her forehead, with chin-length strands framing her face.
27.	She wore a cream-colored hooded-jacket with a fire symbol on the upper right and left sleeves and fur around the cuffs and hem, with navy blue pants.
28.	After earning her genin rank, she wore her Konoha forehead protector around her neck.
29.	At the Chuunin Exams finals, Hinata wore a long-sleeved, light blue blouse with a high collar, and dark blue pants.
30.	While at home, she was seen in the traditional Hyuga garb, consisting of a simple, loose-fitting robe with different colored trimmings, and an under-shirt.
31.	In Part II, Hinata has retained her straight, hime-style haircut, but she has let her hair grow to waist-length.
32.	The short strands that frame her face remain, but are now shoulder-length.
33.	Her figure has also grown to become much more womanly.
34.	She also dons a new attire comprised of a loose fitting, long-sleeved, lavender and cream zip-up jacket with lavender cuffs over mesh armor with navy blue pants and black, low-heeled sandals.
35.	Although she still wears her forehead protector around her neck, its color has changed from blue to black.
36.	In one of the omakes, she is seen wearing a beige apron and light blue scarf tied in a bandanna style.
37.	In another omake, she is seen in a casual outfit that consisted of brown capri pants, brown sandals, and a dark green, hood-less jacket with a fire symbol on the upper-right side of her chest.
38	The cuffs of the jacket were rolled up to the middle of her forearms; the inside of the jacket was shown to be cream-colored.
39.	Hinata had a light lavender blouse underneath. During the? Fourth Shinobi World War, she dons the standard uniform of her village inclusive of flak jacket.
40.	Instead of wearing the forehead protector of the Allied Shinobi Forces, she has seemingly opted not to wear one at all.
