1	She found a dying Nagato and his dog, after which she rescued him and brought him to her and Yahiko's hideout.
2	When the Sannin give her and her friends food, she makes a paper flower to thank them.
3	After being left by Jiraiya, she worked to protect the peace for years and founded the original Akatsuki with Yahiko and Nagato, which became very well known and they were even acknowledged in Konohagakure.
4	When she was captured by Hanzo, she cried out to Yahiko and Nagato to leave her and save themselves.
5	She genuinely cared for Nagato and took care of him in his weakened state.
6	She was the most compassionate and empathetic member of Pain's Akatsuki, becoming sad when reminded of her past and reminiscing about her time with Jiraiya and Yahiko.
7	During Pain's attack on Konoha, she begged him not to use Shinra Tensei on a massive scale (though this was more out of concern for Nagato than the lives in Konohagakure).
8	After Nagato's death and subsequent redemption, she entrusts the quest for peace to Naruto.
9	Wraps Nagato's corpse and the Deva Path (made from Yahiko's corpse) in paper so she can take them back to Ame and make a memorial for them.
10	Leaves Akatsuki after the attack and gives her support to Naruto, along with the support of all her village.
11	Gives Naruto a bouquet of paper flowers to symbolize both a truce and the never ending hope in Naruto
12	Naruto later used the flowers for Jiraiya's memorial.
13	After returning to Ame, she began waiting and planning on a way to defeat Tobi once and for all.
14	Set up a trap composed of billions of paper bombs to defeat Tobi.
15	Confronted Tobi when he arrives in Ame to take Nagato's Rinnegan.
16	Fought Tobi head on to defend Nagato's rinnegan and the hope and light that Naruto gave.
17	Nearly defeated Tobi and would have killed him had he not used Izanagi.
18	Even after being stabbed by Tobi, she still continues to try and fight him while telling him she would support the bridge on the path to peace.
19	When she was young, Konan's family was killed in the Second Great Ninja War
20	Left on her own, Konan eventually found Yahiko and the two worked together to survive
21	The two later found a dying Nagato and the three became very good friends
22	They were later taught ninjutsu by Jiraiya, who left them on their own was confident they could take care of themselves.
23	Years later, Konan and her friends met Tobi, posing as Madara Uchiha, and later Zetsu
24	Soon after, Konan, Nagato and Yahiko formed the Akatsuki and quickly became known for their strength and effectiveness, with news of their actions even reaching Jiraiya
25	Hanzo, the leader of Amegakure, feared that they would overthrow him and hired Hidden Leaf's Danzō Shimura to capture Konan and force Nagato to let her die or kill Yahiko
26	However, Yahiko instead killed himself to save Nagato the guilt
27	Nagato would later avenge Yahiko's death as Pain
28	Staying by Nagato's side, Konan and Nagato allied themselves with Obito, who would later go by the name Tobi
29	Because Pain made himself appear as a god to the Hidden Rain Village's residents, Konan was labeled by the villagers as an angel.
30	Like her fellow Akatsuki members, Konan attends their meetings yet says nothing during the meetings and sealing rituals
31	Eventually, learning that Jiraiya infiltrated the Hidden Rain Village, Konan confronted and battled him until Pain arrived to deal with their former mentor
32	Soon after, Konan accompanied Pain during his attack on the Hidden Leaf Village with order to spare no-one as she engaged Shino Aburame and his kin before falling back when Pain is about to devastate the village to her horror as it would effect Nagato's health
33	Remaining by Nagato's side for the duration of the attack, Konan stood by as Naruto confronts Nagato and was witnessed to the boy, a fellow student of Jiraiya, convincing them that there is still good in the world
34	Taking Nagato and Yahiko's corpses, Konan tells Naruto her time in the Akatsuki is over and the Hidden Rain Village will help Naruto achieve the peace she and her friends attempted to achieve.
35	With Nagato's death, Konan became the new leader of the Hidden Rain Village
36	But later, learning of Tobi sneaking into the village to obtain Nagato's Rinnegan eyes, Konan battles the manipulator to the point of attempting a suicide attack that he manages to avert
37	But though Konan managed to surround Tobi with 600 billion paper bombs, with the explosion lasting ten minutes to ensure he dies, the masked ninja escapes harm by using the Izanagi and stabs her with a pipe
38	He then subjects her to a genjutsu to force her into revealing the location of Nagato's resting place, with Konan dead by the time the genjutsu fades.
