Konan is one of the most famous fictional characters in the fan-favorite manga and its anime adaptation, the Naruto series, written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto.
Konan was a kunoichi belonging to the Village Hidden by the Rain.
She was one of the pupils of Jiraiya, one of the Three Legendary Sannin of the Hidden Leaf Village.
Konan played a significant role in the series.
She was always by Nagato Uzumaki’s side, helping him in his goals, and played a major role and shaping the story of the series.
Konan was one of the three founding members of the popular organization, Akatsuki.
She founded the Akatsuki along with Nagato and Yahiko and became its leader.
To prevent this, Hanzo took Konan hostage and threatened to kill her if Nagato didn’t kill Yahiko.
To save Nagato from the pain of killing his friend, Yahiko ran to Nagato’s kunai and killed himself.
Overcome with grief and rage, Nagato saved Konan and slaughtered Hanzo’s soldiers with the abilities of his Rinnegan, but was left with a frail body as a consequence which left him with limited mobility.
Upon Yahiko’s death, Konan became a part of the newly reformed Akatsuki.
After they won the civil war against Hanzo in the Hidden Rain Village and eliminated Hanzo and everyone who was even remotely connected to him, she was referred to as Lady Angel by their followers and the citizens of the Hidden Rain.
Konan was a resident of the Hidden Rain Village.
Since her parents and family history are still unknown, not much information about her past before the death of her parents is still unknown.
They were among the Second Great Ninja War's numerous casualties.
She was forced to live the life of an orphan after losing her parents in the war at a very young age.
She initially walked the streets looking for food and a place to stay.
Anyone would quit after experiencing something this extreme, yet Konan was always optimistic and persevered.
Despite being shy herself, she was moved by Yahiko's optimism and associated with his desire to bring peace to their brutal and war-stricken world.
She aspired to become powerful enough to stand as a pillar for Yahiko and Nagato as they set out to make the world a more peaceful place.
Konan set off on a quest to locate a master who could instruct her in ninjutsu and make her stronger, together with Yahiko and Nagato.
Konan and the others trained under Jiraiya’s tutelage for three years and the three orphans had developed into worthy ninjas under Jiraiya’s care.
Once, they were able to defeat Jiraiya’s shadow clone.
After witnessing their skill and abilities, Jiraiya deemed them to be strong shinobi and capable of defending themselves.
He bid his farewells to them and returned to the Hidden Leaf Village.
In the anime, It was hinted that Yahiko and Konan had developed a romantic relationship with one another during the time they spent together.
Together with Danzo Shimura of the Hidden Leaf, he set up an ambush and attacked them with a horde of his troops.
Hanzo kidnapped Konan and threatened to kill her if Nagato did not kill Yahiko.
Yahiko ran into Nagato's kunai and sacrificed himself in an effort to save Nagato from the agony of killing his friend.
In his final moments, Yahiko stated that he trusted Nagato and that he would transform the world.
Nagato, who was overcome with rage and despair, attempted to save Konan by using his might but did so at the cost of burning his legs.
Then, using his Rinnegan, he summoned the Demonic Statue of the Outer Path, commonly known as the Gedo Statue, and used it to slaughter Hanzo's soldiers, though Hanzo was able to flee.
Konan and Nagato then accepted Obito’s offer of support and led the Akatsuki in a different direction.
They recruited S-rank rouge shinobi from various villages and started offering their services as a mercenary group to collect the funds required to fulfill their goal of world domination.
At some point, Nagato and Konan initiated a civil war against Hanzo in the Hidden Rain Village.
Most of the citizens followed Pain and Konan as they believed him to be God and an Angel because of his immense power and strength.
Konan then became renowned as Lady Angel in the Hidden Rain Village.
They won the war against Hanzo and eliminated everyone even remotely related to Hanzo.
Because of Hidden Rain’s secretive nature, the news of the death of Hanzo and the change in Hidden Rain’s leadership did not leave the village.
Konan confronted their master, Jiraiya, at Pain’s command, when he infiltrated the Hidden Rain Village.
Konan mentioned that she was grateful for his teachings but needed to eliminate him according to the will of their god.
She fought against Jiraiya but found herself out of her league.
Pain entered the battlefield, saved Konan, and took over the battle from her.
Jiraiya uncovered the mystery behind Hidden Rain’s leadership and the real identity of Pain.
He managed to pass on the information to the Hidden Leaf Village in an encoded message but lost his life at the hands of his beloved pupil.
In the Pain Assualt Arc, Konan infiltrated the Hidden Leaf Village.
She interrogated and killed many shinobi and citizens of the Hidden Leaf to gather intel regarding Naruto’s whereabouts.
When Naruto made an entrance and engaged in a battle against the Six Paths of Pain, Konan retreated and returned to Nagato, to protect him and make sure that he does not overdo it.
After Naruto defeated the Six Paths of Pain, he approached Nagato.
Konan tried to attack Naruto at first but stood by as Nagato told Naruto about their story and their goals and awaited his response.
After Nagato was satisfied with Naruto’s answer, he revived the citizens of the Hidden Leaf who fell victim to his assault, by performing the forbidden jutsu, Samsara of Heavenly Life Technique, also known as the Rinne-Rebirth Jutsu, and died, a cost he had to pay for performing such potent jutsu.
When all of the Hidden Leaf ninjas were brought back to life, Konan, like Nagato, entrusted Naruto with the burden of establishing peace.
She carried the lifeless bodies of Nagato and the Deva Path (Yahiko) to the Hidden Rain Village by wrapping them in her paper.
When Naruto questioned her about leaving Akatsuki, she responded that she was done with the organization since Nagato and Yahiko had meant the world to her.
In the aftermath of Pain’s assault on the Hidden Leaf, Obito infiltrated the Hidden Rain Village to retrieve the Rinnegan from Nagato’s corpse.
Obito approached Konan with his agenda, who was serving as the de facto leader of the Hidden Rain.
Konan refused to fulfill his request and stated that she was in fact waiting for him.
She used Paper Shuriken to attack Obito, but they passed right through his intangible body.
Then, with the intention of killing both of them, she wrapped him in her disintegrated paper form mixed with explosive tags.
At the expense of breaking a portion of his mask and losing his right arm, Obito saved himself and Konan by warping the majority of the explosion away with his space-time ninjutsu.
Konan responds by promising to kill him, the  where flowers can do nothing but wilt and perish, to Obito's praise of her persistence.
Then, when Obito falls helplessly into the paper abyss revealed when Konan divided the lake, she set off the  billion explosive tags she had planted there, which would last for ten minutes.
She then stated in her and Nagato’s time in Akatsuki working with him, they were observing his abilities, in order to prepare for a day they had to confront him.
Konan was exhausted and wounded, but she freed herself and prepared to attack Obito.
Suddenly, the never-ending rain over the Hidden Rain stopped for the first time, surprising both of them.
Konan considered it as a sign of Nagato’s will and stated that she would be the pillar that would support the bridge leading to peace.
She attacked Obito but failed to stop him in his tracks.
Obito then grabbed her by her throat, and placed her in agenjutsuto force her to reveal the location of Nagato’s corpse, so that he could retrieve the Rinnegan.
He stated that when the genjutsu would end, she would die.
As Obito retrieved the Rinnegan, Konan’s lifeless body was floating in the water.
Konan was fundamentally kind-hearted and a pure soul.
She often thought and cared about others and had a nurturing personality.
As a kid, Konan was shy in nature and possessed a compassionate, bright, and cheerful personality.
She was smart, calm, and level-headed most of the time.
Even though she did not engage in conversations during her time with the Akatsuki, she valued her teammates and would often risk her life for the sake of others.
She was very protective of Yahiko and Nagato.
After Nagato sacrificed his life and entrusted Naruto with his goal of bringing about peace in their war-stricken world, Konan became adamantly committed to defending Naruto Uzumaki.
Konan even went so far as to declare Hidden Rain’s complete allegiance to him.
She was just as fierce in defending Nagato's remains from Obito, even going so far as to get ready to kill him if it meant keeping Nagato and Naruto safe, and sacrificed her life in the process.
Konan was more level-headed and a realist as compared to Nagato.
Obito stated that Naruto’s arguments alone wouldn’t have been enough for her to change sides and leave her stary from her goals.
In the anime, Konan had amber eyes with lavender eye shadow, short, straight blue hair in a bun, and a black labret piercing.
Konan's eyelashes were portrayed in the anime as distinct lines.
Since she was a young girl, she had a big light blue paper flower clipped to her bun.
Konan used to dress in a variety of plain clothes as a child.
She wore a karate top and skirt bottom when living with Jiraiya, along with a bag she carried at the front of her clothes to hold her paper.
Konan wore a black cloak with purple stockings and high heels when she, Yahiko, and Nagato began building Akatsuki.
She also wore a waist guard and a Hidden Rain forehead protector, the only time Konan has ever been spotted wearing one.
Although she never removed her Akatsuki cloak, it could be noticed she wore blue pants under her cloak which covered her feet, functioning as footwear.
Konan was a capable and strong kunoichi of the Hidden Rain Village.
She was undoubtedly one of the most powerful and capable female characters in the entire series.
She almost eliminated Obito, who was untouchable, even to Kage-level shinobi.
Obito only managed to survive her attack by altering reality itself, by performing Izanagi.
In the anime, Konan possessed sensory abilities along with three out of the five chakra natures, which was a rare ability as most shinobi just possessed a single chakra nature.
She possessed Wind Release, Earth Release, and Water Release and was also capable of Yang Release.
Konan was passionate about origami to such an extreme that she developed her own unique fighting style around it.
She invented Dance of the Shikigami, which allowed her to covert her chakra into paper and converted her body as well as her clothing into numerous pieces of paper.
She could control these pieces of paper for both, defense and offense.
Konan also possessed a keen intellect and a knack for attention to detail.
She was able to understand Obito’s abilities from merely observing him and developed ways to effectively counter them.
Obito managed to survive Konan’s attack by using Izanagi which Konan was not aware of.
Obito stated that he was surprised by Konan’s abilities and intellect and was forced to use Izanagi at the cost of his left Sharingan.
Here is a list of all the jutsu and techniques that Konan possessed in her arsenal:
Other than the manga and its anime adaptation, Konan appears in other forms of media as well.
Konan debuts in an ova with the release of Naruto x UT.
She also appeared in Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie as a member of the Akatsuki, hired by the Hidden Leaf to support Naruto in his battle.
Konan made her debut as a playable character in Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Heroes  and its later installments and other series-related games.
When it comes to novels, Konan made his debut in the novel category with Akatsuki Hiden: Evil Flowers in Full Bloom.
Here is a list of the games in which Konan is a playable character:
Konan was killed by Obito Uchiha.
After Nagato’s death, Konan decided to eliminate Obito Uchiha, who was impersonating Madara Uchiha at the time.
She wanted to clear the path for a peaceful world for Naruto Uzumaki.
She nearly succeed in her attempt but Obito used Izanagi to alter reality itself and then killed Konan.
Konan along with Nagato Uzumaki and Yahiko founded the infamous organization, the Akatsuki.
Yahiko was the first leader of the Akatsuki.
They founded the Akatsuki to put an end to the era of war and establish peace in their war-stricken world.
