1	"Paper Ninjutsu : Paper Ninjutsu (紙忍術 | Kami Ninjutsu ; Literally meaning ""Paper Ninja Techniques"") refers to a field of techniques which specialize in the utilization of paper. Users mold and shape their chakra into small pieces of paper, which they can then manipulate freely in a variety of ways. Shikigami Dance : By converting her chakra into paper, Konan transforms her body (and clothing) into numerous sheets of paper; the initial creation and dispersal of the paper can mesmerize opponents. Konan then controls and shapes the paper into various things, such as spears for attack, origami butterflies for spying, and clones for supplementary purposes. Paper Shuriken : A technique that consists of using chakra to harden and shape paper into shuriken . The user can increase the power of the shuriken by further altering its final shape. Konan could fold the paper shuriken into different shapes, including the normal four-pointed star shape and a more kunai -like shape. Paper Clone : A technique which employs the use of Konan's ability to manipulate the shape and colour of her paper by forming it into one or more replicas of herself. When a clone is hit, it will merely turn back into sheets of paper."
2	Shikigami Dance : By converting her chakra into paper, Konan transforms her body (and clothing) into numerous sheets of paper; the initial creation and dispersal of the paper can mesmerize opponents. Konan then controls and shapes the paper into various things, such as spears for attack, origami butterflies for spying, and clones for supplementary purposes.
3	Paper Shuriken : A technique that consists of using chakra to harden and shape paper into shuriken . The user can increase the power of the shuriken by further altering its final shape. Konan could fold the paper shuriken into different shapes, including the normal four-pointed star shape and a more kunai -like shape.
4	Paper Clone : A technique which employs the use of Konan's ability to manipulate the shape and colour of her paper by forming it into one or more replicas of herself. When a clone is hit, it will merely turn back into sheets of paper.
5	Enhanced Durability: Enhanced Durability, also known as Superhuman Durability, Superhumanly Dense Tissue, and High Resistance, is the ability to withstand more physical trauma and assaults to one's body than average humans are capable of withstanding.
6	High Intellect: The ability to reason or understand or to perceive relationships, differences
7	Ninpo Practitioner : The user is capable of performing ninpo , the spiritual/supernatural side of ninjutsu. Ninpo puts more focus on traditional and spiritual concepts such as one's life-force , as well as the elements , to perform effective techniques.
8	Great Chakra Power : a supernatural substance[1][2] native to lifeforms on some planets. Due to it being the component to create Chakra Fruit, the Ōtsutsuki Clan travel from planet to planet to absorb all the chakra on them in order to create the fruit to consume.
9	Paper Clone : A technique which employs the use of Konan's ability to manipulate the shape and colour of her paper by forming it into one or more replicas of herself. When a clone is hit, it will merely turn back into sheets of paper.
10	Paper Chakram: Konan gathers a large quantity of paper sheets into a single chakram -like shape, which she then throws at the intended target. While in flight, the disc spins with tremendous speed, with its trajectory and inclination being freely manipulated by her.
11	Paper Drizzle: After creating wings out of her paper, Konan uses them to launch a multitude of paper in rapid succession at the target. In the anime, this attack was strong enough to overpower Jiraiya 's Fire Release: Flame Bullet technique.
12	Paper Servant Dance: Explosion : Using her paper wings, Konan launches a vortex of explosive tags at her opponent that detonates upon contact.
13	Paper Kunai: A technique that consists of using chakra to harden and shape paper into Kunai.
14	Shikigami Dance : By converting her chakra into paper, Konan transforms her body (and clothing) into numerous sheets of paper; the initial creation and dispersal of the paper can mesmerize opponents.
15	Shikigami Dance: Punishment : After using Dance of the Shikigami , Konan traps her opponent in a vortex of paper while she creates a spear of paper and launches it.
16	Paper Person of God Technique: Konan disguises six hundred billion explosive tags as the surrounding scenery, be it earth or water, with enough sophistication that even the Sharingan cannot see through it. When the target is in position, Konan causes the scenery to split in half, resulting in the rapid creation of a huge abyss beneath the target.
17	Origami Skewer: A strike combo that ends with Konan flying forwards using Shikigami Dance to blast the opponent away.
18	Paper Blizzard: Ascension: A strike combo that ends with Konan flying up using Shikigami Dance, launching the opponent.
19	Origami Crane: A strike combo that ends with Konan launching 2 large origami cranes at her opponent.
20	Angelic Advent (Tenshi Korin): 2 strikes, then barrages the opponent with spikes of paper that knock them down.
21	Paper Blizzard: Descent: Creates a storm of paper sheets in front of her, which launch the opponent. Additional input will do the same again, but to knock the opponent back down. Short-range.
22	Small Package: Creates a storm of small sheets of paper around her opponent, which knock them down.
23	Angelic Advent: Konan enters Angelic Advent mode increasing Konan's speed
24	Paper Blizzard: Swell: 4 strikes using paper whirlwinds.
25	Wild Wave Explosion: Fires discs made of sheets of paper, ending with a barrage of paper bombs.
26	Paper Blizzard: Pour: 4 strikes using paper whirlwinds, the last one spiking the opponent to the floor.
27	Spear of Judgement: A barrage of origami cranes, a whirlwind of paper, and a barrage of paper spikes.
28	Paper Blizzard: Drill: Creates a whirlwind of paper from her arm. Mid-range. Knocks the opponent back.
29	Exorcism: Spins at her opponent, akin to Fang over Fang. Short-range. Unblockable.
30	Paper Servant Dance: Explosion: Fires a tornado of paper bombs at her opponent. Long-range.
