1.	One of my favorite heroes. For the simple reason that he uses magic in a world full of super soldiers, high tech gadgets, mutant powers that does whatever the writers want, and cosmic entities. And Dr Strange just uses spells to save the day, what's not to love. 
2.	His stories aren't your standard hero flair, they bring some really obscure villains and magic and powers to the marvel universe. 
3.	You could do horror movies with just his stories or dark stories that you can't do in the avengers stories. 
4.	His skills brings different solutions to avenger level threats.
5.  	I understand Strange as the soceror supreme in the MCU I mean the feats say it all, he's able to have a short but mighty bout with a 4 stone Thanos and actually held his ground he's able to cast OP spells And also managed to outsmart dormamu. Respect Dr strange
6.	He is the coolest character MCU has. 
7.	Talking about character itself, we can easily see Strange is a character of high intellect.
8.	A former neurosurgeon, a celebrated one more over. 
9.	From science sudden drift to something incomparably different like mystic arts. Woah, that is quite a journey. And what happens? Does he suck at it? Nope, he goes on to surpass everyone to become the greatest mystic art wizard ever (even the ancient one). His intellect in how he came to bargain with Dormammu is hilariously witty. 
10.	Besides this possessing an infinity stone and being so damn crafty to wield it is a great feat in itself. It is a very different universe as compared to the typical superhero worlds we have seen. In short, it is fresh concept lead by a witty and smart person. Not to say charming.
11.	He is not only interesting in his abilities as a superhero but in his personality as well. 
12.	Many would consider him to be very similar to Tony in that he is also quite arrogant but what I like about him is his straight to business attitude where everyone else is too busy making jokes. For example, consider his first encounter with Tony Stark where Tony was Making jokes about Strange's choice of vocabulary as well as his whole personal as a sorcerer. Instead of entertaining him, he simply and bluntly pointed out that he would be willing to let both him and Peter die if it meant protecting the time stone. 
13.	He is somewhat of a Savage and that's what I like about him. And who could forget his absolutely emotionless face while everyone else was weeping at Tony's funeral. Absolute beast
14.  	Another thing is that he's just a prick, this comic sums it up perfectly, Strange is just an ass who wants people to know that he is the best and that he is the smartest person in the room and I don't like that in hero's. 
15	Strange (while having a big ego) is humble and does recognise that he isn't the best or smartest in the room.
16.	It's not even simple magic. He is my favorite move character of all time.
17.	Docter Strange is literally very powerful as we seen in Avengers Infinity War, he stood against Thanos with 4 infinity stones and did great. 
18.	In endgame we see him playing with water and In Dr Strange Multiverse Of Madness he did nothing except running. 
19.	Imagine combining Bruce Lee with David Copperfield. What would we get? The greatest being the universe has ever known, capable of anything he desires. 
20.	As you'll find amidst the 15 Superpowers You Didn't Know Doctor Strange Had , there is no limit to things this Sorcerer Supreme can do, Such as Destroy Vampires Make Galactus Scream Like a Little Girl Have a Three Way Ok, he didn't actually have a three way with his onetime girlfriend Clea and Scarlet Witch, but it was revealed that of all the things to be had in the universe this was Doctor Strange's greatest desire. 
21.	But don't think for a second he isn't capable of sealing the deal if wants to. Travel Through Time and Interdimensional Space Punch Your Dreams in the Face One of the Sorcerer Supreme's many awesome powers is the ability to phase into an astral form and enter someone's dreams where he can battle it out with your worst Nightmare. 
22.	And when all else fails, resort to fisticuffing to get the job done. (Is it me or did he just vaporize that guys head with his fist?) Turn Guns into Fireflies Make Sashes Look Cool Fight Ninjas Look Like a '70s Porn Star That's right, I'm talking about Peter Hooten and his porny mustache starring as the Sorcerer Supreme in the awful 1978 TV movie. 
23.	Which reminds me, there is one thing that Doctor Strange is not capable of doing, and that is stopping his girlfriend from having sex with Benjamin Franklin. Turns out all the mystic arts in the universe are no match for Benji's bifocals. Oh well, at least Doctor Strange will always have his Wong.
24.	I love Dr. Strange in the MCU. He's smart, skilled, heroic and genuine. 
25.	He's also damn powerful. 
26.	I also like the Dr. Strange of Marvel Comics. 
27.	He's a major part of the Marvel Comics universe and he's had some great moments. Defeating Dracula, teaming up with Dr. Doom against Mephisto and challenging Worldbreaker Hulk were notable events. But interest in the character has waxed and waned over the decades. He probably hit his height in the Bronze and Copper Ages of Comics. Making Dr. Strange interesting has been a real challenge for Marvel and his role as a deus ex machina in so many stories has made it hard to pin down his limitations. 
28.	Dr. Strange is a cool character but not an easy one to write stories for.
29.	Is this Even Debatable Have you seen this guy. He Destroyed His Whole Universe By spending Centuries Absobing Power From Other Dimensional Beings And held back the destruction for a bit Absolutely Tanked A Galaxy destroying explosion powered by the infinity stones and then absorbed it Went Toe To toe With Ultron In Visions body Enhanced By all 6 of the Infinity Stones Who Whooped The Watchers ass into i counted 26 different dimmensions Strange SUpreme Is Easily the Most Powerful Varient Of Dr.Strange RESPECT THE POWER OF THE SORCERER SUPREME!!!!!
30.	In both Marvel Comics and the MCU Doctor Strange is much stronger than an average human and could be compared to a super soldier, Here Strange punches Loki with enough force to stagger him, Even though Strange only staggered him it's an incredibly impressive feat especially when Spider-Man couldn't even budge Loki, And in the MCU there is one incredibly impressive yet small feat which makes Doctor Strange incredibly strong. 
31.	In Thor Ragnarok Strange casually pulls on of Thor's hair out, Considering how durable Thor is this is no small feat, if Strange was only human level in strength and he tried to pull one of Thor's hairs out he couldn't even be able to move it, it would be like an ant trying to pull a humans hair. 
32.	He is okay as a character. 
33.	The thing is he brings the mystics elements into the universe and if done right that can be a lot of fun.
34.	The comic book character, very much. He's pretty unique. I have always liked Stan Lee's sense of humour. He said they used to say things like by the crimson bands of Cyttorak or by the dread fires of Dormammu, that they needed to invent a character where these things meant something. The movie I had more mixed feelings about. The special effects were superb and the story riveting, but I didn't particularly like Cummerbatch in the central role and although I thought Tilda Swinton did a good job as the ancient one, I always have problems when they go off gender for major roles.
35.  	In his own movie, I see him more as opportunistic than powerful. 
36.	If Thanos didn't have infinity stones, Strange could have single-handedly finished him. 
37.	He is too powerful and arguably the most powerful Avenger. 
38.	Thanos with four infinity gems had a hard time defeating him. 
39.	Sorcerer Supreme has the ability to conjure many spells and posses many magical objects. 
40.	Doctor Strange is a brilliant and extremely egotistical neurosurgeon who loses the sensation in his hands in a ghastly car accident. 
41.	When modern Healthcare systems fail to treat him, he seeks answers in the mystic arts (basically good form of magic). 
42.	He learns how magic and mystical arts work, quite quickly, eventually becoming the sorcerer supreme - the leader of this good type of magic, protecting earth and the universe from dark magic, the bad type of magic.
43.	Ghost Rider has beaten Dr. Strange before and even used the Penance Stare on him. Strange only recovered with the help of an Angel.
44.	Doctor Strange has very powerful hax. 
45.	As long as Thanos has no Infinity Stones, Strange can win
46.	If he was omnipotent, he would not have been overpowered by Knull's dragons .
47.	In the MCU Dr. Strange plays a vital role in the fight against Thanos. 
48.	He is a master of the mystical arts and keeper of the Eye of Agamotto. 
49.	He is the protector of our reality and could easily match someone wielding the reality stone. 
50.	He uses the time stone to look at all the possible outcomes of their fight against Thanos and uses this knowledge to set certain events in place. 
50.	On their way to Titan Dr. Strange tells Stark if it comes down to protecting the stone or saving his life, he would let him die. But after seeing 14 million futures where they lose, he sees one where they win. That future requires Tony Stark alive so he trades the time stone for Stark's life. 
51.	He gives the Avengers an edge. Sure Thor is the muscle, but Dr. Strange is the brain.
52.	He's just another character with his head up his ass. 
53.	At first he was a selfish jerk and now he's kind of a know-it-all jerk who just so happens to be less selfish, but still a jerk.
54.	I like him because he has a different nature from the others, his scenes are very smart, cool, hottest, sometimes fierce sometimes good, and he is a man who is 45 years old but looks young, handsome I keep a lot of pictures and videos in my gallery. 
55.	I don't know why I'm fascinated by it aghhhh sometimes I feel like I can faint after looking at the picture of doctor strangee Hehe
56.	Yes. He's arrogant, but still has a kind heart.
57.	Also, his powers & the travels he does across mystical realms is very fun to read & watch.