1. Is there a sense of familiarity now, returning to the role of Dr Strange?: It’s strange, apart from some of the crew, I think I was the only person continuing the story and sort of safeguarding Strange, guiding his character into being and sometimes even educating people about another, which is a very weird responsibility because I still feel like I’ve got a lot more to discover. There’s so much lore in the comics to bring into the MCU and that’s just the beginning for his character. It’s very exciting for me to know there’s a lot further to go. But I feel a familiarity to him, definitely. There’d been a certain amount of continuity since the first … Ragnarok we did right on the table first, then the Avengers films and Spider-Man: No Way Home, of course. Which, you know, crudely for the character feels like a warm-up gig. It was a helpful refresher to say, I know this guy, I know what they’re doing. And I enjoy that. I also, you know, the minute I feel comfortable, I want to make him uncomfortable, make myself uncomfortable. I like that. As an actor, I want a new experience and take the audience with me as the character evolves. It was a bit like that in this film.
2. Was it fun to be able to play variants of Dr Strange in the movie?: That was the most fun bit, and I couldn’t talk about any of that pre-press, so it’s very nice to be able to speak about it now. I absolutely loved it, and it sounds so egotistical – but there we go, that’s what actors are – but I loved doing the scenes with myself because of the challenge of it. And I got to write some of those scenes … I suggested that it needed to get darker at a point. There was a slightly more saccharine version at one stage and I’m really happy with the way it evolved. Sam Raimi was so game for it and Michael Waldron really supported me to write it as well. We turned what was a very small combat between the two into a sort of very bizarre and inventive battle in that moment. I really loved it. It was how the original was pitched to me a long while back when Scott Derrickson was still working with us: Strange would meet versions of himself. It was something I wanted to lean into. We could have gone even further, and maybe it will go into the future. Who knows what other versions we might need in the multiverse chapter of the MCU? But it was very enjoyable to play all the variants of myself.
3. You’ve played such a wide range of characters. How deeply do you allow yourself to immerse into each character? What’s your process like?: At the point of connection with the material in front of the camera, as much as the job allows I want to forget myself in that moment and just be that character. But I step in and out of it, depending on the type of job. With Marvel, you can go slightly insane with hero characters every day. You need that breathing space. There’s a huge amount of crap that goes often into rewriting scenes, so you must have a very directorial or writerly head on as well as an actor sense to be able to jump about a bit in your focus. Unlike immersion as Burbank in The Power of Dog, where Jane allowed me to stay entirely in character and be addressed by the crew as Burbank and stay in the accent, that was hugely helpful. It was a gift from her to allow me that space to contain a character so different from my living experience. It’s a different muscle from playing Stephen Strange and I love having that variety in my work.
4. What kind of characters and scripts appeal to you the most as an actor? Are they the same stories you’re attracted to as a producer?: They’re different because it’s not all about me with the production company. I would say there’s a common strain. I love giving voice to dispossessed people who feel the need for empowerment and need a platform. I love the idea of society and culture and being able to help with that – but that makes it sound like I’m on a sort of political mission. Ultimately, I want people to be drawn to diverse, interesting, engaging and challenging work, but also be entertained. The Mauritanian was difficult to finance but it was a great role. For us as a company, it was one of the first projects we went after. It was exactly the kind of work that I wanted to be able to do and bring to the world.Even in No Way Home, there’s great dynamism. Entertainment is not just popcorn or high concept thrills, there’s messaging to be had in any form of art. And I think for me, the way I choose my projects now is a lot to do with who I work with and who can challenge and intrigue, and take me in new directions with my methodology and give me a new experience as an actor. I’ve been very fortunate in the variety of roles and the type of genre I’ve worked in. I’d like to do a musical at some point. It would have to be the right one and I’m very picky because after Hamilton, everything’s blown wide open. But I’d love to tell a story through music. I’d also love to jump off a cliff with Tom Cruise or do something crazy with my body before it gets too hard to do that.
5. Do you think about what your legacy will be?: I don’t. But I’ve had wonderful, odd moments this awards season – a sort of night I suppose – where they honoured the work I’ve done. And then I had the Hollywood Star of Fame as well. And this other night in Santa Barbara, there was a retrospective of my career. Pete Hammond from Deadline was interviewing me and talking about segments of my films and everything in between. I don’t stop to look back very often but it was a really fun night. I don’t think about the legacy of work, I just keep going on and on and I’ve been very fortunate to be able to do that. I think as far as the trajectory goes, as I said, I’m led often by the choice to do what’s challenging in my work practice. And again, supporting diverse, inclusive stories, the voices and stories that I think are urgent and important.
6. In Doctor Strange, you wear the Master Perpetual Watch which was given to you by Christine and has a lot of sentimental value. Do you have a watch in real life like this?: I don’t … but my first watch was a Swatch a long time ago. As a kid on holiday my parents had bought me a watch at one of those duty-free shops you see in airports. But it meant so much to me because it was my first watch.
7. Having visited the Jaeger-LeCoultre manufacture, did you have a new-found appreciation for watchmaking, and is there a particular complication or collection that speaks to you the most?: The Polaris is my favourite collection. So I went to the manufacture and completely fell in love with the company and its process. The breadth of history within that institution, how the watches came into being, the personal relationships that led to the first watches and how the company has expanded into something huge yet remains incredibly intimate in the setting of the manufacture.I watched someone recreate Seurat’s The Bathers on the back of a Reverso, which is the size of a postage stamp, and you realise the artistry and craftsmanship and the levelof ability that the men and women in the manufacture have. It’s just phenomenal. From the assembly, checking the mechanism to the enamelling and engraving and the personalising of watches. Yes, it’s all aided by precision computer technology and machines, but at the end of the day it’s all done with a human touch and it personalised the experience for me and what the watches and brand meant to me.This story first appeared on Prestige Hong Kong.
8. What did you have to do in Doctor Strange that you’d never done before?: I’ve done a bit of live action before but the fight sequences, the wire work and the physical regime were taken to another level. This is an origin story so there’s a certain room for me improving as well as the character improving. And I’ve never been front and centre as an iconic American character. Day to day, you know you’re painting on a very big canvas.
9. What feels new about Stephen Strange as a character?: Being someone who is of our sensual reality, he has a lifestyle, he has a sexuality, he’s materialistic. Those are more universal things than some of the characters I play, who are slightly sociopathic. I keep reminding people I can do ordinary. He’s less strange than other characters I’ve played. He’s lost the power to love, which doesn’t make him a nasty person. I just think he’s closed-off. It’s only when he has his accident and everything that he’s ever had in his life falls apart that he becomes pretty monstrous. It’s the self-loathing rage of a wounded animal and he doesn’t have a coping mechanism at all. It ties in with the discipline and the magic of this world. The biggest lesson he learns in this film is it’s not all about him.
10. And that’s hard for a neurosurgeon…: He’s selfish but he’s still saving lives. An inflated sense of self-importance? Absolutely, but I think it comes from his need to control things and that’s what happens to all surgeons, I think. There’s a huge degree of uncertainty and bafflement. We look at science as the ultimate answer for everything yet we are really messy organisms and when the two collide in the upper echelons of medicine you think science will prevail but it’s not always that way. For brain surgeons it’s particularly difficult to deal with failure. It was fascinating to learn about that whole world. I’m sad in a way that the character leaves it behind. It’s an amazing discipline.
11. Scott Derrickson says that the character is defined by suffering…: Kevin Feige said to me: “I don’t think we’ve ever put an actor through quite as much as this, physically and mentally.” I’ll wear that as a badge of honour. It was endless. I don’t wear a mask, I don’t have a suit. It’s not some CG double or a stunt double. The suffering the character goes through is immense! You’d have to be pretty hard-nosed not to feel some sympathy for the guy. It’s an interesting arc. You start with a character who’s likeable and charming but very arrogant and distant. He’s funny but you can see there are massive holes in his life. It’s a very painful transition and all that he becomes is tested so quickly and violently. He gets scraped off the floor and then thrown right down to hell again and then slowly pulls himself back up.
12. What makes him heroic?: It will be obvious to anyone who sees it that he earns that cloak. You think he’s doing all right and then you realise that there’s one massive lesson to learn. There’s a heroic amount of effort that goes into making him a superhero by the end of the film.
13. Were you already aware of Doctor Strange before Scott approached you?: Not at all. I’m quite surprised by how many people grew up with this character. He’s slightly more specialised than Spider-Man or Superman or Batman, but he’s very loved by people who know him. You’ve got to treat it with reverence but hold on to the fact that Marvel always make it fresh so you can give it your personal twist. When I heard how Scott wanted to go about it, I thought, “Okay, now I’m really into it.” Any fears or questions I had were put to rest.
14. You were playing Hamlet on stage and had to turn the role down initially. Did you think your chance had gone?: I did think I had to kiss it goodbye because Marvel have to plot things for the next three, four years. If you can’t jump on board when the ride’s going past that’s it, it usually goes by, so the hugest compliment they paid me was to come back to me. It motivated me to try to fulfill their faith.
15. Was it daunting to take on a role that commits you to sequels and crossovers for years ahead?: I’ve done a few things like that, Sherlock being the most prevalent, and they’ve been really good fun. What’s not to look forward to? It’s like all the actors in all of the films. It’s difficult to get Martin Freeman and I in a room together. Imagine what it’s like to get myself, Chris Hemsworth, Robert Downey Jr., Elizabeth Olsen… these extraordinary actors who all have careers outside the Marvel Universe.
16. So you’re looking forward to interacting with the other characters?: Definitely. That’s why this character is being introduced, to open up the next chapter. And it spectacularly does that on a dimensional level, so watch this space to see how that unfolds. As an actor, to be part of that story’s terrific. I’ve enjoyed it so much as a fan and now I’m getting to have a go myself.
17. How did you find working with Scott Derrickson?: He’s terrific, really sharp on the details, and he’s not afraid to go to dark places. He breathes humour into a character with a very strong identity in the ‘60s and ‘70s, that psychedelia era of Eastern mysticism meeting the West. I wanted to take the audience on a journey where that transition was funny and awkward. It’s the same cynicism that [Strange] has. I was very keen to work on the script with Scott and [C. Robert] Cargill, and working out the important story beats, changing lines, upping the comedy, changing the pace, all of that was great fun. Even though he’s an established character, when you’re doing an origin story there’s a lot of room for manoeuvre.
18. What about the fight scenes?: Sometimes when you do fight scenes you think, “Oh, I’ll be hit in the face,” because people get carried away with their vanity and want to look too cool to care, but we were all really careful with each other. Mads [Mikkelsen] and I have a really epic brawl — a week shoot, lots of rehearsal — and he was just delightful. He’s a dancer and a gymnast so he knows how to plant the moves. He was always saying, “Are you okay?” When you’ve got that level of mutual consideration you form a family very quickly.
19. Tell us about your visit, in full costume, to that comic-book store in New York.: That’s probably the only time I’ll do that. I’m not one for doing the children’s party version: “Hi, I’m a character in a movie and now I’m in reality!” I was doing the last shot of the film before reshoots outside their shop. I was starting my run into the frame and I thought, “You are literally ending where this began. The loop of serendipity’s too much to not go in and acknowledge it.” I just wanted to see the look on their faces.
20. Have any other crazy New York memories stayed with you?: It’d got crazy the day before that, when we were filming on a street near the Sanctum in New York. I decided to avoid it for five minutes by going up the road to a café with my wife and a group of friends. It was that typical New York thing, like that scene in Ghostbusters where Rick Moranis comes running through Central Park chased by one of the dogs of doom and bangs on the glass of the restaurant going, “Help! Help!” Everyone stops what they’re doing and watches, then he disappears from shot and it cuts back to the restaurant and everyone’s talking… In New York they take the hit and move on really quick. I was having normal conversations within five minutes of being in that café.
