Content from https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-biden-addresses-the-nation-after-dropping-out-of-2024-race:

WASHINGTON (AP) — Insisting that “the defense of democracy is more important than any title,” President Joe Biden on Wednesday explained in an Oval Office address his decision to drop his bid for reelection and to throw his support behind Vice President Kamala Harris.
Watch Biden’s remarks in the player above.
The address offered the public their first chance to hear directly from Biden his rationale for dropping out of the 2024 after weeks of insisting he believed himself to be the best candidate to take on former President Donald Trump, whom he has called an existential threat to the nation’s democracy. It also gave Biden a chance to try to shape how history views his one and only term in office.
“The defense of democracy is more important than any title,” Biden said. “Nothing, nothing can come in the way of saving our democracy. And that includes personal ambition.”
Said Biden, “I revere this office, but I love my country more.”
Thank you. Please check your inbox to confirm.
Biden’s candidacy faced a crisis of confidence from Democrats after his abysmal debate against Trump nearly a month ago, where he spoke haltingly, appeared ashen and failed to rebut his predecessor’s attacks. It sparked a mutiny within his party over not just whether he was capable of beating Trump in November, but also whether at 81, he was still fit for the high-pressure job.
Biden tried to outlast the skepticism and quell the concerns with interviews and tepid rallies, but the pressure to step aside only mounted from the party’s political elites and from ordinary voters.
READ MORE: Despite steady calls on Biden to drop out, he refused to leave the race until the wheels fell off
On Sunday afternoon, while isolating at his Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, home with COVID-19, Biden finally bowed in a letter posted to his account on X announcing his decision to leave the race, followed up later by an endorsement of Harris.
“I have decided the best way forward is to pass the torch to a new generation,” Biden said, saying he wanted to make room for “fresh voices, yes, younger voices.”
He added, “That is the best way to unite our nation.”
Biden’s address was being carried by the major broadcast and cable news networks. He pledge to remain focused on being president until his term expires at noon on Jan. 20, 2025, saying he would work to end the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, fight to boost government support to cure cancer, and call for Supreme Court reform.
The president was hoping to use the address to outline the stakes in the election, which both Biden and Harris have framed as a choice between freedom and chaos, but he tried to steer clear of overt campaigning from his official office and never mentioned Trump by name.
“The great thing about America is here, kings and dictators do not rule,” Biden said. “The people do. History is in your hands. The power is in your hands. The idea of America — lies in your hands.”
Biden was also looking to make the case for his legacy of sweeping domestic legislation and the renewal of alliances abroad. The way history will remember his time in office and his historic decision to step aside is intertwined with Harris’ electoral result in November, particularly as the vice president runs tightly on the achievements of the Biden administration.
WATCH: Harris lauds Biden’s record as ‘unmatched in modern history’ as he withdraws from reelection
His advisers say he intends to hold campaign events and fundraisers benefiting Harris, albeit at a far slower pace than if he had remained on the ballot himself.
Harris advisers will ultimately have to decide how to deploy the president, whose popularity sagged as voters in both parties questioned his fitness for office.
Biden, aides say, knows that if Harris loses, he’ll be criticized for staying in the race too long and not giving her or another Democrat time to effectively mount a campaign against Trump. If she wins, she’ll ensure his policy victories are secured and expanded, and he’ll be remembered for a Washingtonian decision to step aside for the next generation of leadership.
Press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Wednesday that any question of Biden resigning his office — which would allow Harris to run as an incumbent — was “ridiculous.”
Jean-Pierre said Biden has “no regrets” about his decision to stay in the race as long as he did, or his decision to quit it over the weekend. She said Biden’s decision had nothing to do with his health.

Content from https://apnews.com/article/joe-biden-congress-infrastructure-bill-signing-b5b8cca843133de060778f049861b144:


President Joe Biden signs the “Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act” during an event on the South Lawn of the White House, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
FILE - Motorist traveling southbound on Interstates 90 and 94 for Indiana approach the intersection with Interstate 55 for St. Louis, Dec. 21, 2017, in Chicago. The $1 trillion infrastructure bill that President Joe Biden signs into law on Monday, Nov. 15, 2021, represents a historic achievement at a time of deeply fractured politics. But the compromises needed to bridge the political divide suggest that the spending might not be as transformative as Biden has promised for the U.S. economy. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File)
White House press secretary Jen Psaki speaks during the daily briefing at the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., arrive before President Joe Biden signs the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., arrives before President Joe Biden signs the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Joe Biden speaks before signing the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Joe Biden embraces Vice President Kamala Harris as he speaks before signing the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Joe Biden speaks before signing the “Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act” during an event on the South Lawn of the White House, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Joe Biden speaks before signing the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Joe Biden poses for a photo after signing the $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Joe Biden signs the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu after President Joe Biden signs the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill into law during a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, Nov. 15, 2021. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden signed his hard-fought $1 trillion infrastructure deal into law Monday before a bipartisan, celebratory crowd on the White House lawn, declaring that the new infusion of cash for roads, bridges, ports and more is going to make life “change for the better” for the American people.
But prospects are tougher for further bipartisanship ahead of the 2022 midterm elections as Biden pivots back to more difficult negotiations over his broader $1.85 trillion social spending package.
The president hopes to use the infrastructure law to build back his popularity, which has taken a hit amid rising inflation and the inability to fully shake the public health and economic risks from COVID-19.
“My message to the American people is this: America is moving again and your life is going to change for the better,” he said.
With the bipartisan deal, the president had to choose between his promise of fostering national unity and a commitment to transformative change. The final measure whittled down much of his initial vision for infrastructure. Yet the administration hopes to sell the new law as a success that bridged partisan divides and will elevate the country with clean drinking water, high-speed internet and a shift away from fossil fuels.
“Folks, too often in Washington, the reason we didn’t get things done is because we insisted on getting everything we want. Everything,” Biden said. “With this law, we focused on getting things done. I ran for president because the only way to move our country forward in my view was through compromise and consensus.”
Biden will get outside Washington to sell the plan more broadly in coming days.
He intends go to New Hampshire on Tuesday to visit a bridge on the state’s “red list” for repair, and he will go to Detroit on Wednesday for a stop at General Motors’ electric vehicle assembly plant, while other officials also fan out across the country. The president went to the Port of Baltimore last week to highlight how the supply chain investments from the law could limit inflation and strengthen supply chains, a key concern of voters who are dealing with higher prices.
“We see this as is an opportunity because we know that the president’s agenda is quite popular,” White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Monday before the signing. The outreach to voters can move “beyond the legislative process to talk about how this is going to help them. And we’re hoping that’s going to have an impact.”
Biden held off on signing the hard-fought infrastructure deal after it passed on Nov. 5 until legislators would be back from a congressional recess and could join in a splashy bipartisan event. On Sunday night before the signing, the White House announced Mitch Landrieu, the former New Orleans mayor, would help manage and coordinate the implementation of the infrastructure spending.
The gathering Monday on the White House lawn was uniquely upbeat with a brass band and peppy speeches, a contrast to the drama and tensions when the fate of the package was in doubt for several months. The speakers lauded the measure for creating jobs, combating inflation and responding to the needs of voters.
Ohio Sen. Rob Portman, a Republican who helped negotiate the package, celebrated Biden’s willingness to jettison much of his initial proposal to help bring GOP lawmakers on board. Portman even credited former President Donald Trump for raising awareness about infrastructure, even though the loser of the 2020 election voiced intense opposition to the ultimate agreement.
“This bipartisan support for this bill comes because it makes sense for our constituents, but the approach from the center out should be the norm, not the exception,” Portman said.
The signing included governors and mayors of both parties and labor and business leaders. In addition to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, the guest list included Republicans such as Louisiana Sen. Bill Cassidy, Maine Sen. Susan Collins, New York Rep. Tom Reed, Alaska Rep. Don Young and Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan.
In order to achieve a bipartisan deal, the president had to cut back his initial ambition to spend $2.3 trillion on infrastructure by more than half. The bill that becomes law on Monday in reality includes about $550 billion in new spending over 10 years, since some of the expenditures in the package were already planned.
The agreement ultimately got support from 19 Senate Republicans, including Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell. Thirteen House Republicans also voted for the infrastructure bill. An angry Trump issued a statement attacking “Old Crow” McConnell and other Republicans for cooperating on “a terrible Democrat Socialist Infrastructure Plan.”
McConnell said the country “desperately needs” the new infrastructure money, but he skipped Monday’s signing ceremony, telling WHAS radio in Louisville, Kentucky, that he had “other things” to do.
Historians, economists and engineers interviewed by The Associated Press welcomed Biden’s efforts. But they stressed that $1 trillion was not nearly enough to overcome the government’s failure for decades to maintain and upgrade the country’s infrastructure. The politics essentially forced a trade-off in terms of potential impact not just on the climate but on the ability to outpace the rest of the world this century and remain the dominant economic power.
“We’ve got to be sober here about what our infrastructure gap is in terms of a level of investment and go into this eyes wide open, that this is not going to solve our infrastructure problems across the nation,” said David Van Slyke, dean of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University.
Biden also tried unsuccessfully to tie the infrastructure package to passage of a broader package of $1.85 trillion in proposed spending on families, health care and a shift to renewable energy that could help address climate change. That measure has yet to gain sufficient support from the narrow Democratic majorities in the Senate and House.
Biden continues to work to appease Democratic skeptics of the broader package such as Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, while also holding on to the most liberal branches of his party. Pelosi said in remarks at the Monday bill signing that the separate package will pass “hopefully this week.”
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz expressed concern during a Fox News interview Sunday that Republican support for the infrastructure law could ultimately lead Democrats to rally and back the second package
“They gave Joe Biden a political win,” Cruz said of his fellow Republicans. “He will now go across the country touting, look at this big bipartisan win. And that additional momentum, unfortunately, makes it more likely that they whip their Democrats into shape and pass some multitrillion-dollar spending bill on top of this.”
The haggling over infrastructure has shown that Biden can still bring together Democrats and Republicans, even as tensions continue to mount over the Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol by supporters of Donald Trump who falsely believe that Biden was not legitimately elected president. Yet the result is a product that might not meet the existential threat of climate change or the transformative legacy of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, whose portrait hangs in Biden’s Oval Office.
“Yes, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act is a big deal,” said Peter Norton, a history professor in the University of Virginia’s engineering department. “But the bill is not transformational, because most of it is more of the same.”
Norton compared the limited action on climate change to the start of World War II, when Roosevelt and Congress reoriented the entire U.S. economy after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Within two months, there was a ban on auto production. Dealerships had no new cars to sell for four years as factories focused on weapons and war materiel. To conserve fuel consumption, a national speed limit of 35 mph was introduced.
“The emergency we face today warrants a comparable emergency response,” Norton said.
Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Content from https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2024-election/live-blog/trump-biden-president-election-live-updates-rcna162645:

Reporting from Rehoboth, Delaware
As President Joe Biden faces a wave of new calls from elected officials to end his re-election bid, his political allies are actively exploring ways to publicly demonstrate he still has widespread support among key elements of the Democratic Party’s base, according to three Democrats familiar with the discussions.
The new effort is aimed at turning the pressure campaign against Biden back on party insiders by seizing on anger and frustration among some voters who feel disenfranchised by attempts to push the candidate they cast their ballots for aside, the Democrats said.
Read the full story here.
Megan Lebowitz
Vaughn Hillyard
One week after a bullet nearly took his life, former President Donald Trump delivered a speech filled with divisive rhetoric that was largely in line with his usual tone.
Despite Trump having told reporters that he would pivot to a message of unity, the former president used his Saturday speech in Grand Rapids, Michigan, to call President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris names, refer to Biden’s allies as “thugs,” argue without evidence that Democrats cheated in the 2020 election, and characterize migrants as coming from prisons, jails and mental institutions.
Read the full story here.
Alex Seitz-Wald
Sequestered at his Delaware beach house as he recovers from Covid, Biden got a bit of good news today when it became public that Hillary and Bill Clinton are sticking with him.
But the fact that it is news that the former president and secretary of state are supporting their fellow Democrat — and not even in public but privately — underscored just how isolated Biden has become in his own party, with some saying privately that it is easier to count the number of people still supportive of the president than those who think he should abandon his re-election bid.
Read the full story here.
Megan Lebowitz
Businessman Sandy Pensler said from the stage at the Trump rally that he was dropping out of the Michigan Senate race and endorsing fellow Republican Mike Rogers.
"President Trump endorsed Mike Rogers. Tonight, so am I," he said.
The two men shook hands onstage.
If nominated, Rogers, who served as a congressman representing Michigan's 8th Congressional District from 2001 to 2015, will attempt to flip the open Senate seat for Republicans. The race is viewed as very competitive since incumbent Sen. Debbie Stabenow decided not to seek re-election.
Vaughn Hillyard
Megan Lebowitz
Trump's campaign is back to criticizing Biden and poking at party members who are trying to get him to pass the torch to another Democratic nominee.
The campaign has argued that it does not care who is at the top of the ticket, but a senior adviser said that it prefers Biden to be the nominee because the campaign has been planning for that matchup.
During Trump's speech in Michigan, the former president at first said that the press covered the assassination attempt "fairly," a marked shift from how he usually describes journalists. Minutes later, he turned back to criticizing media.
Ryan BrooksRyan Brooks is the weekend politics editor for NBCNews.com
Isabelle Schmeler
Rep. Ronny Jackson, R-Texas, has "evaluated and treated" Trump's wound daily following last weekend's assassination attempt, according to a letter written by Jackson and shared by Trump on Truth Social today.
Jackson, who served as White House physician under the Obama and Trump administrations, said in the letter that former president is "doing well, and he is recovering as expected from the gunshot wound sustained last Saturday afternoon."
"I am extremely thankful his life was spared. It is an absolute miracle he wasn’t killed," Jackson added in the letter.
Jackson said that he traveled to Bedminster, Trump's New Jersey golf club, on the night of the incident. The former White House doctor said the bullet came "less than a quarter of an inch" from entering Trump's head and struck the top of his right ear, but no sutures were required.
Following the shooting, Trump was initially treated by medical staff at Butler Memorial Hospital in Butler, Pennsylvania, where he was evaluated and underwent a CT scan. The former president will undergo further evaluations, including a comprehensive hearing exam as needed, according to the letter.
Jackson added that the wound has begun to heal but there is still "intermittent bleeding" requiring a bandage.
Megan Lebowitz
Vance took the stage at the Grand Rapids, Michigan, rally, trying to present his ticket as not radical, as the Biden campaign aims to paint it as extreme.
"There's nothing radical about stopping the poison and the gangs and the criminals from taking care of our country," Vance said. "We've got to shut down that border, shut down the fentanyl and make America safe for American citizens again."
Trump is expected to take the stage later this afternoon.
Victoria Ebner
Megan Lebowitz
"Pass the Torch," a grassroots organization, is holding a rally outside of the White House where people will call on Biden to bow out of the presidential race.
"President Biden has achieved great things," the group's website says. "But Donald Trump is an existential threat, and we need the strongest possible ticket to maximize our chances of defeating him."
One speaker highlighted how Democrats emphasize listening to experts.
"So why would we not listen to the data here for the decision of our lives?" she said, pointing to polling data.
Rallygoers held signs reading "Joe, time to go," and "Please save us from Trump, don't act like Trump."
Around 200 people have RSVP’d for the event.
Julie Tsirkin
Ryan BrooksRyan Brooks is the weekend politics editor for NBCNews.com
House Homeland Security Committee Chair Mark Green, R-Tenn., announced a Monday visit to the site of the assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump.
Green will travel to Butler, Pennsylvania, alongside a group of 10 committee  members to receive a “tour” of the site.
The visit comes as the House Oversight Committee prepares to hear from Secret Service Director Kim Cheatle in a public hearing on Monday morning.
Julia Ainsley
Megan Lebowitz
Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas, Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle and a group of top security officials slammed "baseless and insulting" questions about women in the Secret Service.
The joint statement comes after some conservatives have argued that female Secret Service agents were unable to physically defend Trump during the assassination attempt at his rally last Saturday.
"Every single day, in communities big and small across our great country, women are serving in federal, state, local, tribal, territorial, and campus law enforcement," the statement said. "They are highly trained and skilled professionals, who risk their lives on the front lines for the safety and security of others. They are brave and selfless patriots who deserve our gratitude and respect."
Megan Lebowitz
Sarah Dean
Biden's physician, Dr. Kevin O'Connor, said in a letter detailing his condition that the president's Covid symptoms "continue to improve steadily."
"His pulse, blood pressure, respiratory rate and temperature remain absolutely normal," O'Connor said. "His oxygen saturation continues to be excellent on room air. His lungs remain clear."
Biden completed his sixth dose of Paxlovid, the medication that helps lower the risk of hospitalization or death. O'Connor also said that Biden has a Covid variation that accounts for about a third of new infections in the U.S.
Kelly O'Donnell
Megan Lebowitz
Sen. JD Vance, R-Ohio, will get Secret Service protection after being selected as Trump's running mate.
“The U.S. Secret Service has initiated protective coverage for Republican Vice Presidential Candidate J.D. Vance and his family,” a Secret Service spokesperson said.
The exact start date of Vance's Secret Service protection is unclear.
Monica Alba
Former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have privately been supportive of Biden’s decision to stay in the race and have been actively encouraging donors to stay with him, according to two people familiar with the Clintons’ thinking.
Both sources used the word “deferential” to describe the Clintons’ position as it relates to Biden’s commitment to continue his re-election campaign, which the president himself has stated publicly in recent days.
Behind the scenes, the Clintons have been in touch with the White House and have offered to help however they can, the sources said.
Jillian Frankel
Ryan BrooksRyan Brooks is the weekend politics editor for NBCNews.com
During a Biden campaign press call, Michigan Sen. Debbie Stabenow defended the president's re-election bid amid concerns from other congressional Democrats about his mental acuity and electability.
“Each of my colleagues has to make their own decision,” Stabenow said. “I can just tell you from a Michigan perspective, what I’ve been saying every step of the way, we’ve not seen a president who’s been able to deliver more for Michigan than President Biden and the Biden Harris team.”
Julie Tsirkin
Frank Thorp Vproducer and off-air reporter
Megan Lebowitz
Rep. Mark Takano, D-Calif., called on Biden to "pass the torch" to Vice President Kamala Harris.
"President Biden’s greatest accomplishment remains saving democracy in 2020. He can and must do so again in 2024 — by passing the torch to Vice President Harris as the Democratic Party Presidential nominee," he said. "It has become clear to me that the demands of a modern campaign are now best met by the Vice President, who can seamlessly transition into the role of our party’s standard bearer."
NBC News previously reported that Takano called on Biden to step aside during a private call on July 7 among top Democrats.
He is in a safe Democratic district and won 57.7% of the vote during 2022 midterm elections.
Megan Lebowitz
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., emphasized that "Joe Biden is our nominee," but added that "he has a really big decision to make."
Biden has repeatedly said that he has already made a decision to stay in the race.
"If President Biden decides to step back, we have Vice President Kamala Harris, who is ready to step up, to unite the party, to take on Donald Trump and to win in November," she said.
Warren added later that Harris is also well suited to take on Trump because of her history as a prosecutor.
Ryan BrooksRyan Brooks is the weekend politics editor for NBCNews.com
Republican vice presidential candidate Sen. JD Vance on Saturday called on Biden to resign from office rather than just ending his bid for re-election.
The call from Trump's running mate in a post on X comes as Biden has faced growing calls to step aside from the presidential race from members of his own party.
"Everyone calling on Joe Biden to *stop running* without also calling on him to resign the presidency is engaged in an absurd level of cynicism," Vance posted. "If you can’t run, you can’t serve. He should resign now."
Megan Lebowitz
Vice President Kamala Harris is scheduled to travel to Massachusetts for remarks at a campaign fundraiser.
The trip comes a day after she joined a call with major Democratic donors, where she expressed confidence in Democrats' ability to win in November.
NBC News reported this week that the Biden campaign expects it will raise only 25% of the big-donor money it initially expected to raise in July, according to a person with knowledge of the projections.
Megan Lebowitz
Trump and his recently selected running mate, Sen. JD Vance, will hold their first joint rally today in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The indoor event will be Trump's first campaign rally since last week's assassination attempt.
Michigan is a crucial swing state. Biden flipped the state blue in 2020 after Trump won it four years earlier.
Megan Lebowitz
Biden is in Delaware this weekend, where he continues to stay off the campaign trail and self-isolate after being diagnosed with Covid on Wednesday.
His doctor said yesterday that he's still taking Paxlovid, a medicine that helps lower the risk of hospitalization or death from the coronavirus.
A record number of congressional Democrats yesterday called on Biden to step aside, with more than a dozen saying he should drop out. See the running list here.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

