1. Without football, my life is worth nothing.
2. I have my flaws too, but I am a professional who doesnt like to miss or lose.
3. I never promise anything. I dont promise anything to my mum. I dont promise anything to the supporters.
4. Why lie Im not going to be a hypocrite and say the opposite of what I think, like some others do.
5. I am not the humblest person in the world. I admit that.
6. I dont like being alone.
7. Im not a perfectionist, but I like to feel that things are done well.
8. For the people that II only have one face but for some people we cant have one face.
9. Many people look at me and think they know me but they dont at all. This is the real me. I am a humble person, a feeling person. A person who cares about others, who wants to help others.
10. Im aware that, whatever the circumstances, there will always be speculation about me.
11. I still remember when my teacher told me that football wouldnt give me anything to eat.
12. I dont mind people hating me, because it pushes me.
13. I think sometimes the best training is to rest.
14. There are people out there who hate me and who say Im arrogant, vain, and whatever. Thats all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
15. When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
16. Im not going to change the world. Youre not going to change the world. But we can help  we can all help.
17. Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable.
18. Some fans keep booing and whistling at me because Im handsome, rich and a great player. They envy me.
19. We cannot live being obsessed with what other people think about us. Its impossible to live like that. Not even God managed to please the entire world.
20. I never tried to hide the fact that my only goal is to be the best.
21. Dont let small obstacles be in the way of being victorious. Remember you are stronger than the challenges you face.
22. I am always motivated. I am ambitious and I want to always improve.
23. Im sure that Im a winner person. Im sure that I win more than lose.
24. Winning  thats the most important to me. Its as simple as that.
25. Im ready to lose my life if thats what Portugal needs to win. Ill play vs USA even if I play with one leg.
26. I am not a perfectionist, but I like to feel that things are done well. More important than that, I feel an endless need to learn, to improve, to evolve, not only to please the coach and the fans, but also to feel satisfied with myself. It is my conviction that here are no limits to learning, and that it can never stop, no matter what our age.
27. To me, being the best means proving it in different countries and championships.
28. I want to be remembered as part of the group of the greatest players ever.
29. I dont have to show anything to anyone. There is nothing to prove.
30. Talent without working hard is nothing.
31. Dedication, hard work all the time, and belief.
32. I know Im a good professional, I know that no ones harder on me than myself and thats never going to change, under any circumstances.
33. If you think youre perfect already, then you never will be.
34. Talent isnt everything. You can have it from the cradle, but it is necessary to learn the trade to be the best.
35. We dont want to tell our dreams. We want to show them.
36. Dreams are not what you see in your sleep, dreams are things which do not let you sleep.
37. Im living a dream I never want to wake up from.
38. My father wasnt the reason why I was born poor. Hes the reason Im gonna die rich.
39. My father always taught me that when you help other people, then God will give you double. And thats what has really happened to me. When I have helped other people who are in need, God has helped me more.
40. When I win awards, I think of my father.
41. My father was always in good spirits, he loved football. It makes me a bit sad because if he could enjoy seeing me now, what I have achieved, that would be a highlight in his life. But Im sure that he watches over me from above.
42. When I was 7, I told my dad I want to have a house like Micheal Jacksons one. And then he said to me that dreams are only dreams, thats a privilegy of the rich people. I have grown up now and my dream came true, but I feel sad that my father cant see that and what have I reached in my life. But I know hes watching me from the sky
43. I see myself as the best footballer in the world. If you dont believe you are the best, then you will never achieve all that you are capable of.
44. I will never reject an autograph, hug or photo. I was also a fan of football.
45. I see football as an art and all players are artists. If you are a top artist, the last thing you would do is paint a picture somebody else has already painted.
46. In football, I dont have a lot of friends. The people who I really trust, there are not many Most of the time, Im alone.
47. Every time I went away I was deceiving my mum. Id tell her I was going to school but Id be out on the street playing football. I always had a ball on my feet.
48. Im proud to play for Real Madrid because I have fun when you no longer have fun its a sign that its time to leave. For now though, Im happy here at the greatest club in the world.
49. I love Manchester. Everyone knows that  I have said it many times. Manchester is in my heart.
50. To be honest, there are no problems between me and Messi. People have their own opinions about who they think is the better player. It is what it is, but there is no rivalry beyond games and what happens on the pitch.
51. It gives me the happiest feeling in the world. I just love scoring. It doesnt matter if its a simple goal from close range, a long shot or a dribble around several players, I just love to score all goals.
52. Being a father and seeing my family grow is without doubt the greatest privilege Ive had. Spending time with them, being by their side, smiling and laughing with them. Theyve brought a lot of happiness and joy to my life.
53. Being a father is a unique and personal journey, something that has changed me completely,
54. I still learn, but I think its the best thing in life to have a kid.
55. Friendship cant end just because you change your life.
56. We should make the most of life, enjoy it because thats the way it is
57. My friends ask me if I want more kids, and I always say yes, I want more its the best thing you can have in your life.
58. I have practically no private life. Im already used to this and ready for it. Yes, sometimes it is hard, but it is the choice I made.
59. about Life  Family