1. So my most recent video was really trolly
2. and I kind of felt bad because I really, really like Conan
3. So I felt like I needed to show her some love and just show what she's capable of
4. So that's what we're doing today
5. I felt it was most important to start this off with the Shikigami Dance because this is really the governing technique she uses for all of her shounjutsu
6. With the Shikigami Dance, Conan turns her chakra into paper sheets and has complete control over each individual sheet
7. Using this, she has shown the ability to scatter into paper butterflies or paper planes to travel distances
8. form weapons out of sheets of paper, use the paper created to make replicas of herself, and even give herself wings to fly
9. Though notably, she seems to not need the wings to levitate and fly casually while using this ability
10. Alright, now that that's out of the way, we're gonna go ahead and take a dive into paper weapons
11. Conan would take a sheet of paper and fold it into the shape of a shuriken, using chakra to harden and sharpen the paper to be comparable to a metal shuriken, and with her use of the Shikigami dance, she could form hundreds of shuriken at once, hitting targets with a barrage of paper shuriken
12. Conan would use the Shikigami dance to wrap a target in a cocoon of paper, effectively immobilizing the target, and then mold a bunch of paper into a spear to take down said target
13. She would take a bunch of sheets of paper and form them into a paper chakram, a spinning disc weapon that she could control its flight when thrown, so even if she missed a target, she could make it flip around and come back for another shot
14. And finally, she has combined her use of Shikigami Dance to use a paper dart attack
15. This attack isn't really named as far as I know, but she uses her paper wings to fire a ton of darts in rapid succession
16. That's the end of the weapon portion of this video
17. This is just what we see her use, so it's safe to assume that she could use her paper to form a virtually endless variety of weapons
18. Also, side note, I almost forgot
19. She, uh, implements exploding tags into her attacks
20. I'm not sure how she acquires them, if she makes them, or however else you would get exploding tags
21. Anyway, on to clones
22. Once again, using Shikigami Dance, Conan forms mini sheets of paper into replicas of herself
23. She uses these like any other clone, such as being able to be in multiple places at once, gather information, and really all the uses that other clones have
24. Though the one advantage these clones do have is being paper, Conan could put exploding tags inside of them, making them able to detonate for a powerful surprise attack
25. Alright, so this is known as Conan's most ultimate jutsu and is really nothing to joke about
26. I mean she flexed on Obito with this
27. it's actually pretty wild
28. To use this jutsu, Conan builds up an ungodly amount of paper
29. Assumably, she uses the shikigami dance to convert her chakra into paper and just continues to do this over several days or weeks to gather enough paper for the jutsu, then she disguises it as the Hidden Rains Lake
30. Once she has this whole process complete, she could lure her intended target to the lake and then split the lake, creating a
31. huge abyss for the intended person to fall in when she used this against obito she set up 600 billion explosive tags that would explode for 10 minutes straight specifically to counter kamui
32. so this jutsu ain't nothing to fuck with well that's all i could think of for this video let me know if you think i missed something
33. i will see you guys in the next one later
