Content	Keywords
GAM3 Awards 2023 Meet the Jury: Yellow Panther 
 | GAM3S.GG News GAM3 Awards 2023 Meet the Jury: Yellow Panther GAM3 Awards 2023 returns with a prominent jury, including Yellow Panther, to honor excellence in web3 gaming. Insights on the future of web3 gaming	gaming, web3
Eliza Crichton-Stuart Head of Operations Our GAM3 Awards , a prominent fixture in the realm of web3 gaming, are making a triumphant return this December 2023. The event's distinguished panel of judges has been unveiled, featuring a mix of familiar figures from 2022 and new representatives spanning various aspects of web3 gaming	gaming, web3
Notable newcomers to the panel include experts from web3 gaming venture capital firms, blockchain and ecosystem specialists, infrastructure partners, and content creators, in addition to renowned gaming leaders and tech giants such as Amazon and Google . We are proud to introduce one of our jury members Yellow Panther , a well known web3 content creator	blockchain, gaming, content, creator, web3
1. What is the most enjoyable part of your role? “As a content creator, I get to cover games and share it to my audience	content, creator, games
It is most satisfying when my audience get value from my content. Everyday is exciting because there will always be something new to cover, share and make content on!” 2	content
How do you see the progress made in web3 gaming since last year? “It was a huge progress. 2022 was basically dead with a few games in the market only	gaming, web3, games
In 2023, there are more than 300 actively building games. Many of the games are also learning from the past and implementing into their marketing and tokenomics stratergies	games
It is good to see that who are the real builders and supporters of Web3 Gaming.” 3. What is the most valuable addition web3 brings into gaming, from your perspective, if any? “Digital Ownership	gaming, web3
As a Web3 player, once you have your hands on web3 gaming assets, you can never look at web2 games the same anymore. I would spent thousands on EAFC or Genshin, and get nothing back	gaming, web3, games
But in Web3, you spend on digital assets and the assets are YOURS!” 4. What is your outlook on 2024 and beyond for web3 gaming? “Gaming as an industry has always been on a upward trajectory for more than a decade, and I always have a positive outlook for web3 gaming	gaming, web3
With the current talents and builders, I am sure 2024 will be a year filled with positive sentiment. There will be many quality games being released, improved user experiences and and ofcourse more onboarding of gamers!” The return of our GAM3 Awards in 2023 promises to be a celebration of the web3 gaming industry's growth and innovation	gaming, web3, games
With industry figures like Yellow Panther on the jury, the event is set to recognize excellence in the ever-evolving world of web3 gaming. Share this article GAM3 Awards updated : February 20th 2024 posted : November 8th 2023 Related News 10 months ago 5 min read GAM3 Awards Return for Second Year to Celebrate Excellence in Web3 Gaming The GAM3 Awards returns for its second year, with 3 new categories, double the prize pool, and 50+ industry veterans on the jury to crown the best web3 games	gaming, web3, games
Mostafa Salem Head of Gaming Research Leaderboard Leaderboard Streaming Streaming Toogle Sidebar	gaming
