Content	Keywords
Web3 Gaming: Game Analytics on Arbitrum - Coin Rivet Prices Market Data Altcoins News All News iGaming The emerging world of gaming built on blockchain platforms is still in its embryonic stage, but Coin Rivet has been involved in this innovative industry from the beginning. Here’s where you can learn more and be involved in the excitement of blockchain gaming… NFTs Press Releases Official statements delivered to you from the primary sources	Innovative Industry, Arbitrum, NFT, News, Market, Coin Rivet, Blockchain, Blockchain Platforms, Web3, iGaming, Game Analytics, Data, NFTs, Press Releases, Web3 Gaming, Market Data, Gaming
Podcast Check out our weekly podcasts hosted by Jeff Gross. NFT NFTs Minting Calendar Events Coin Rivet Invitational Learn Guides Find in-depth articles and videos designed to give you a better understanding of the crypto world	Podcast, NFT, Coin Rivet, Events, Minting Calendar, Jeff Gross, NFTs, Crypto World, Learn Guides, Coin Rivet Invitational
Crypto Dictionary Ultimate dictionary for the most commonly used words in cryptocurrencies. Support Market Data News News iGaming The emerging world of gaming built on blockchain platforms is still in its embryonic stage, but Coin Rivet has been involved in this innovative industry from the beginning	Crypto Dictionary, Support, Innovative Industry, News, Market, Coin Rivet, Blockchain, Cryptocurrencies, Blockchain Platforms, iGaming, Data, Market Data, Gaming
Here’s where you can learn more and be involved in the excitement of blockchain gaming… NFTs Press Releases Podcast NFT Events Coin Rivet Invitational Learn Guides Crypto Dictionary Support Back Web3 Gaming: Game Analytics on Arbitrum In the battle of the L2s, Arbitrum has taken the more proactive approach to fostering game development in its ecosystem—spearheaded by Treasure DAO. Footprint Analytics March 16 2023 While the sweet spot for L2s has been DeFi , Arbitrum took the initiative to expand beyond this to GameFi when it launched Arbitrum Nova in August 2022	GameFi, Treasure DAO, Events, Footprint, NFTs, Arbitrum, Web3, Press Releases, Web3 Gaming, Learn Guides, Crypto Dictionary, Support, Footprint Analytics, Coin Rivet Invitational, NFT, Coin Rivet, Game Analytics, Defi, Arbitrum Nova, Gaming, Podcast, Ecosystem, Blockchain, L2s, August 2022, DeFi
Now, the largest L2 protocol has made headlines for its partnership with Covalent and for overtaking Ethereum for transactions. However, other less publicized developments have been brewing among the game devs and GameFi projects of the protocol	GameFi, Transactions, Ethereum, L2 Protocol, GameFi Projects, Covalent
TreasureDAO, which dominates Arbitrum GameFi with its ecosystem of games, has expanded from 2 to 6 games in a year, growing its community in the process. The unique advantages of Artbitrum over other L2s have also come into focus when we look at the web3 gaming data from this chain	Games, Arbitrum, TreasureDAO, Ecosystem, GameFi, Arbitrum GameFi, Web3, Data, Web3 Gaming, Community, Gaming, L2s
Daily Gamers Trend To discuss GameFi on Arbitrum, Footprint Analytics held a space with Juanzie of Web3 Academy DAO , YellowPanther, marketing lead at Tales of Ellerea, and JD from HandleFi. What Makes Arbitrum Good for Game Developers? Arbitrum has several primitives that provide advantages compared to Optimism, according to Juanzie	Web3 Academy DAO, Footprint Analytics, Arbitrum, YellowPanther, Market, GameFi, Optimism, Tales of Ellerea, Web3, Game Developers, Footprint, Marketing, HandleFi
“The great thing about Arbuitrum is the support of smart contracts. Optimism has faster processing times, and Arbitrum lags a bit behind, but that’s because it’s using the mainnet to do everything on the transactions, as Optimism isn’t,” he said	Support, Arbitrum, Transactions, Optimism, Smart Contracts, Mainnet, Processing Times
“But because of that, for developers, it uses more smart contracts. Based on that, you can use more capabilities off smart contracts, which is one of the reasons you have more games jumping to Arbiturm as a Layer 2.” While Optimism briefly overtook Arbitrum for TVL several months ago, the latter has since regained its lead	Games, TVL, Arbitrum, Layer 2, Optimism, Smart Contracts
The protocol is unique in its product-led growth within the blockchain space, said JD. “The product has spoken for itself	Blockchain Space, Product-led Growth, Blockchain
It’s just been a really quality place to scale and build a Defi application, and it’s happened organically,” he said. “Whereas when you look at the Avalanches and Solanas and BSCs of the world, they’ve had to hinge their entire strategy on marketing and bringing institutional liquidity to drive project development	Market, BSCs, Solanas, Project Development, Institutional Liquidity, Defi, Marketing, Avalanches, DeFi
(TVL) Arbitrum vs. Optimism The sharp increase in TVL for Optimism was caused by the introduction of quests as the protocol’s second airdrop 	TVL, Arbitrum, Airdrop, Optimism, Quests
However, once Optimism dropped the quests, transactions dropped overnight. Now, there is talk of an Arbitrum airdrop as well	Arbitrum, Airdrop, Transactions, Optimism, Quests
Will it suffer the same fate as Optimism? Junazie says it’s just a part of the market. “As soon as the airdrop , the hype is in, and people want to buy, sell , make profit, then you’ll have a drop in transactions	Market, Airdrop, Transactions, Optimism, Hype
So yes, I think the same thing will happen, though not to the same extent as Arbitrum is bigger.” What Web3 Gaming Developers Can Learn from Treasure DAO Treasure DAO is a decentralized DeFi / NFT ecosystem built for metaverse projects on Arbitrum. They all use one token, Magic, around which they all build their gameplay and lore	Arbitrum, NFT, DeFi, Metaverse Projects, Gameplay, Ecosystem, Treasure DAO, Web3, Defi, Metaverse, NFT Ecosystem, Web3 Gaming, Gaming
There are 6 games so far. A significant portion of the community from Treasure DAO goes to Arbitrum as most of its games are hosted on the chain	Games, Arbitrum, Community, Treasure DAO
“It’s one of the strongest communities in terms of gaming that I’ve seen,” said YellowPanther. “There’s a lot of DeFi elements, but there are more and more games that are more like games	Games, YellowPanther, Defi, Gaming, DeFi
Its goal is to become the Nintendo of Web3, and I personally believe the community is super-strong.” In just one year, Treasure went from a small community with just 2 games to the largest gaming ecosystem on Arbitrum. An impressive achievement	Games, Arbitrum, Nintendo of Web3, Ecosystem, Web3, Gaming Ecosystem, Community, Gaming
Total Users by Game – Arbitrum “One of the interesting things with Treasure is how they’re vertically integrated all elements needed to have a Gamefi ecosystem,” said JD. “At the base layer you have the liquidity with the Magic token	Arbitrum, Ecosystem, GameFi, Magic Token, Gamefi Ecosystem
Around that, you have an NFT marketplace, denominated again in that token. And then, on top of that, you have the games that they called ‘cartridges’, and those games are then rolling out and launching.” While some of the games started off to a rocky start, they’re arguably improving as the ecosystem matures	Games, NFT Marketplace, NFT, Market, Ecosystem
“One of the challenges when there is no GameFi infrastructure on a new L2 like Arbitrum, is that you have to build these GameFi elements from scratch, and Treasure DAO has done that.” One of the key takeaways is the potential for other projects like Treasure which are game agnostic, that instead aim to build an ecosystem for all games on a chain. This piece is contributed by the Footprint Analytics community	Games, Footprint Analytics, Arbitrum, GameFi Elements, Game Agnostic, Ecosystem, GameFi, Treasure DAO, Footprint, Community, GameFi Infrastructure
The Footprint Community is a place where data and crypto enthusiasts worldwide help each other understand and gain insights about Web3, the metaverse, DeFi , GameFi, or any other area of the fledgling world of blockchain . Here you’ll find active, diverse voices supporting each other and driving the community forward	Support, Crypto Enthusiasts, GameFi, Blockchain, Web3, Footprint Community, Defi, Data, Metaverse, Footprint, Community, DeFi
Footprint Website: https://www.footprint.network Discord: https://discord.gg/3HYaR6USM7 Twitter: https://twitter.com/Footprint_Data Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed by the author should not be considered as financial advice. We do not give advice on financial products	Twitter, Website, Financial Advice, Data, Footprint, Discord, Disclaimer
Previous Article HowToPulse.com Launches NFTonPulse.io, a Brand New NFT Marketplace Next Article February Monthly NFT Report Read More Related articles Sponsored 9 Latest NFT Developments in 2023 July 3 2023 Common NFT Terms For Novice Investors And Crypto Enthusiasts April 7 2023 Understanding and Detecting Wash Trading March 17 2023 Big Eyes Coin Treats Early Investors To Free NFTs As Bitcoin And Ethereum Prices Soar Despite Crisis With Crypto-Friendly Banks March 17 2023 English Français Deutsche Italiano Português Pусский Español 日本人 Trading Market Data Support Terms & Conditions Editorial All News Advertise Submit a press release News Terms & Conditions Learn Guides NFTs Events Crypto Dictionary Back to top Coin Rivet 2024 © | All rights reserved Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Cookie Preferences	Crypto Dictionary, Support, NFT Marketplace, Crypto Enthusiasts, NFT, Crypto-Friendly Banks, News, Market, Coin Rivet, Ethereum, Events, NFT Developments, Data, HowToPulse.com, NFTs, February Monthly NFT Report, Market Data, Learn Guides
