Content	Keywords
W3GS: How Content Creators Can Carve a Niche in Web3 Yield Guild Games Subscribe Sign in Share this post W3GS: How Content Creators Can Carve a Niche in Web3 yieldguild.substack.com Copy link Facebook Email Note Other W3GS: How Content Creators Can Carve a Niche in Web3 At W3GS, YGG Pilipinas Talent Development Lead Een Mercado joined Daredevil Media’s Jared Dillinger and web3 KOLs, yellowpanther and Mike Abundo, to discuss what makes content creation unique in web3. Yield Guild Games Dec 31, 2023 Share this post W3GS: How Content Creators Can Carve a Niche in Web3 yieldguild.substack.com Copy link Facebook Email Note Other Share Blockchain gaming introduced many people to web3, and content creators have played a huge role in its mass adoption	content creator, gaming, blockchain, Web3, content
Through educational and entertaining content, many have learned about the benefits of blockchain, such as digital property rights and digital asset ownership. Their presence online has helped onboard millions of new players to web3 games	blockchain, Web3, content
Content creators have also adapted their content to match their respective platforms, with audiences having different preferences. For example, a gamer from TikTok doesn’t have the same interests as someone that follows content creators on Instagram	content creator, content
Content creators had to carve out their own niche and discover the way they can thrive with the web3 audience. At YGG Web3 Games Summit (W3GS), CryptoPH key opinion leader (KOL) Mike Abundo was joined by Een Mercado , cosplay veteran, gaming content creator and Talent Development Lead at YGG Pilipinas, Jared Dillinger , seasoned basketball player and KOL for Coins.ph’s Courtside Crypto , and yellowpanther , a rising star in web3 content creation	content creator, gaming, Web3, content
Together, the group talked about how they began their journey as web3 content creators, the significance of fun-forward approaches in audience building, and their dream web3 endorsement deals. The following is an excerpt from the panel “ Maximize the Value of Creator Content to Drive Adoption ,” where Mike, Jared, Een and yellowpanther discuss the life-changing impact of of web3 they see in their audiences, the nuances of catering to a young web3 audience that needs financial education, and how being a content creator in web3 lets them become part of something bigger than themselves	content creator, Web3, content
Watch the full panel on Facebook . W3GS: Maximize the Value of Creator Content to Drive Adoption Mike (06:28:36): From your perspectives, since you clearly have diverse backgrounds as creators, as entertainers, how is creating content for web3 different from web2? Een, you're in gaming and cosplay	gaming, Web3, Web2, content
You've been there forever, you know, you're an institution. Yellowpanther, you've done gaming streams	gaming
JD, you've done sports, gaming, all that stuff. What is different about creating for web3? What are the differences when creating specifically web3 gaming content? Een (06:29:12): I think most of my audience, they’re young people	web3 gaming, gaming, Web3, content
So educating them is very important, about having their own assets, especially online. So once I tell them, web3 is different from web2, it's clearly making them realize that this is more than just a game, but it prepares them for their future	Web3, Web2
Because it's actually having your own stuff and taking care of it. If I go really technical, it would be a very long topic	
But that's the gist of it, like letting them know that this is having fun, and at the same time, learning and preparing yourself. Mike (06:30:04): That's interesting	
That seems to apply to a lot of crypto, you get into technology and finance. And it's the same with web3 gaming, right? Een (06:30:12): At the same time having fun because you're playing games	web3 gaming, gaming, Web3
Mike (06:30:14): Of course, I love that. YP, from your perspective, what's different with web3 gaming content? yellowpanther (06:30:20): I think mine's easier because I know my audience is mostly web3 gamers, investors, whales, and so on	web3 gaming, gaming, Web3, gamers, content
So it's easy for me to just use terms that are normal in our industry. Like how I promote and share about the MAGIC ecosystem and so on	
Because I really like it. So, to me, it is purely web3	Web3
But if I step outside of X or Twitter, it's a whole different ball game, right? Like, Een is very good at Instagram and also TikTok. You have to speak a different language and cater to those audiences	
My friend down there, Eliza, has a really good TikTok, sharing value clips, and so on. But on Twitter, she is a whole other strategy and whole other lingo and so on	
So for me, it's easy. Mike (06:31:10): Okay, so it's more of the deep in the weeds stuff	
Awesome. JD, I'm sure your perspective on this is very unique, given your background, maybe you could share what makes web3 content creation different	Web3, content
Jared (06:31:24): There's a couple things I want to unpack. When you play video games, in general, it's a way to escape	
You’re escaping the real world. And when we're talking about web3, when we're talking about the Metaverse, that is somewhere you can go and be someone different	Web3
You can be anyone that you want to be. Obviously, this is a new industry that's forming	
And it's turning into something that we can't even fathom. It's turning into something really big	
And I think with web3 games, especially out here in the Philippines, we have a high sense of escapism out here. We really want to get away and play these types of games, and they’re life-changing	Web3
What these guys are saying about the whole Axie Infinity surge, it changed a lot of lives. So I think with the new industry forming, we're really the spearhead of this, of making content and showing everyone on a periscope what these games are and how cool they are, how they can change your lives and you can escape into the Metaverse	content
I think that's something special, and I think that's being a part of something bigger than yourself. I think it's a really cool journey to be a part of	
I'm happy to just be up here with you guys. We're talking about video games, and people are here listening to us conversing about web3 games	Web3
So, I'm really excited. You can listen to the full recording on Facebook 	
Follow Een , Jared , yellowpanther and Mike to see the latest user-generated web3 content. Join the YGG Discord or follow us on X for future updates	Web3, content
Share this post W3GS: How Content Creators Can Carve a Niche in Web3 yieldguild.substack.com Copy link Facebook Email Note Other Share Comments Top Latest Discussions No posts Ready for more? Subscribe © 2024 Yield Guild Games Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice Start Writing Get the app Substack is the home for great culture Share Copy link Facebook Email Note Other This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts	content creator, Web3, 2024, content
