*FYI - this post may affiliate links, which means we earn a commission  if you purchase from them.
Also, as an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
For the full scoop on what this means, feel free to check out ourPrivacy Policy and Disclosure.
Without a doubt, Thor Odinson is a prettymemorablecharacter.
From his glorious golden locks  to his iconic hammer and big muscles, it’s easy to forget that he often has memorable lines as well.
via GIPHY
Oh, sorry, got distracted there for a second!
But as we were saying, Thor is often highly quotable, so in this post we’re rounding up all the best and often funniest lines Thor has said throughout the Marvel movies.
Enjoy!
Want more Marvel quotes?
Check these out:
Save this post for later on Pinterest:
Looking for some truly iconic Thor quotes?
These are THE Thor Lines from the MCU that are by far the most memorable and quotable.
Bonus points if you manage to use them in real life!
via GIPHY
“You people are so petty, and tiny.”The Avengers
“You’re big.
I’ve fought bigger.”Thor
“I choose to run towards my problems, and not away from them.
Because’s that– because’s that what heroes do.”Thor: Ragnarok
[Summons Mjolnir and Stormbreaker] “Let’s kill him properly this time.”Avengers: Endgame
[the Hulk bursts through the stadium door] “Thor:YES!
[everyone in the stadium looks confused]Thor:Hey, hey!
We know each other!
He’s a friend from work!”Thor: Ragnarok
“I have no plans to die today.”Thor
“I’d rather be a good man than a great king.”Thor: The Dark World
[about Captain Marvel] “I like this one.”Avengers: Endgame
“All words are made up.”Avengers: Infinity War
[Steve Rogers calls Mjolnir to himself] “I knew it!
!”Avengers: Endgame
“Dr.
Strange: Thor, I sense a great change in your future.
Destiny has dire plans for you, my friend.Thor: I have dire plans for destiny.”Thor: Ragnarok
“Gorr:You are not like the other gods I’ve killed.Thor:‘Cause I have something worth fighting for.”Thor: Love and Thunder
There’s no denying that Thor often says very funny things, whether on purpose or just because he doesn’t always understand life on Earth.
Here are the many lines from Thor that have made us laugh out loud throughout the movies.
via GIPHY
“This drink, I like it.
Another!”Thor
“I don’t hang with the Avengers anymore.
It all got too corporate.”Thor: Ragnarok
[Thor arrives in Vanaheim to help Sif] “Sif:I’ve got this completely under control!Thor:Is that why everything’s on fire?”Thor: The Dark World
“Thor:[walking into a pet shop] I need a horse!Pet Store Clerk:We don’t have horses.
Just dogs, cats, birds.Thor:Then give me one of those large enough to ride.”Thor
“Natasha Romanoff:Thor, report on the Hulk.Thor:The gates of Hel are filled with the screams of his victims!
[Natasha glares at him while Bruce groans and puts his head in his hands]Thor:But not the screams of the dead, of course.
No, no… wounded screams… mainly whimpering, a great deal of complaining and tales of sprained deltoids and… gout.”Avengers: Age of Ultron
“Hulk:Thor go.
Hulk stay.Thor:Fine.
Stay here.
Stupid place.
It’s hideous, by the way.
The red, the white.
Just pick a color.
Ridiculous.”Thor: Ragnarok
“The girl tried to warp my brain!
Take special care, I doubt if humans can keep her at bay!
Fortunately, I am mighty… [enters a vision]”Avengers: Age of Ultron
“My God, you’re a Valkyrie… You know, I used to want to be a Valkyrie when I was younger, until I found out you were all women.
There’s nothing wrong with women, of course, I like women.
Sometimes a little too much.
Not in a creepy way, just more like a respectful appreciation.
I think it’s great, an elite force of women warriors.
It’s about time.”Thor: Ragnarok
[speaking to Rocket Raccoon] “Thank you, sweet rabbit.”Avengers: Infinity War
“By Odin’s beard, you shall not cut my hair, lest you feel the wrath of the mighty Thor!
[pause] Please!
Please, kind sir, do not cut my hair!
No!
Nooo!”Thor: Ragnarok
“A creepy old man cut my hair off!”Thor: Ragnarok
“Rocket Raccoon:Nidavellir is real?
Seriously?
I mean, that place is a legend.
They make the most powerful and horrific weapons to ever torment the universe.
I would very much like to go there, please.Thor:The rabbit is correct and clearly the smartest among you.Rocket Raccoon:Rabbit?”Avengers: Infinity War
[talking about Mjolnir]“Thor:Quite unique.
It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star.
And when I spun it really, really fast it gave me the ability to fly.Korg:You rode a hammer?Thor:No, I didn’t ride the hammer.Korg:The hammer ride you on your back?Thor:No, I would spin it really fast and it would pull me off the…Korg:Oh my god, the hammer pulled you off?Thor:The ground!
It would pull me off the ground, into the air and I would fly.”Thor: Ragnarok
“Steve Rogers:New haircut?Thor:Looks like you’ve copied my beard.
By the way, this is a friend of mine, the tree.”Avengers: Infinity War
“Bruce Banner:You’re just using me to get to the Hulk.
That’s low.
You’re not my friend.Thor:No, no, no.
I don’t even like Hulk.
He’s always like, grr… smash, smash, smash.
I prefer you.”Thor: Ragnarok
“Rocket Raccoon:You speak Groot?Thor:Yes, they taught it on Asgard.
It was an elective.”Avengers: Infinity War
“Korg:[playing Fortnite] Thor, he’s back.
That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again.Thor:Noobmaster.Korg:Yeah, Noobmaster69.Thor:[takes the headset] Noobmaster, hey, it’s Thor again.
You know, the God of Thunder?
Listen, buddy, if you don’t log off this game immediately, I am gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you’re hiding in, rip off your arms and shove them up your butt!
Oh, that’s right, yes, go cry to your father, you little weasel!Korg:Thank you, Thor.Thor:Let me know if he bothers you again, okay?Korg:Thank you very much, I will.”Avengers: Endgame
“Loki:Do you really think it’s a good idea to go back to earth?Thor:Yes, of course.
People on earth love me, I’m very popular.”Thor: Ragnarok
[Captain America is using Stormbreaker]“Thor:No, give me that.
[Thor gives him Mjolnir]Thor:You have the little one.”Avengers: Endgame
“I know what you’re thinking.
“Oh, no.
Thor’s in a cage.
How did this happen?” Well, sometimes you have to get captured just to get a straight answer out of something.
It’s a long story.
Basically, I’m a bit of a hero.
See, I’ve spent some time on Earth… for the record, I saved the planet a couple of times.
Then I went searching through the cosmos for a couple of magic colorful Infinity Stone things… but didn’t find any.
That’s when I came across a path of death, and destruction.
Which led me all the way here to this cage… where I met you.
[looks at a skeleton]”Thor: Ragnarok
“I bid you farewell and good luck, morons.”Avengers: Infinity War
“Thor:Hey, is that the Necrosword?
That’s cool.
I’ve only ever read about it in stories.Gorr:Then you know this is going to hurt.Thor:Pain.
What is pain but a construct invented by the weak?
Okay.
That’s very sharp!”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Thor:So, you still rollerblade?Jane Foster:No.
No.
You?Thor:Oh, yeah.
Every weekend.
Once you blade, you never fade.
Right, Korg?Korg:Skate mates for life!”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Zeus:Let’s see who you are.
I take off your disguise… and flick!
[strips Thor naked, crowd gasps]Korg:Ohh!Thor:You flicked too hard, damn it!
[the Olympian ladies faint at the sight of Thor]Jane Foster:Should we help him?Valkyrie:I mean, eventually.
Grape?”Thor: Love and Thunder
“King Valkyrie:We failed to raise a god army.
Korg is dead.Thor:He’s not dead.Korg:I’m not dead.King Valkyrie:Well, he’s a head.
And you, you got properly humiliated.Thor:No, I got properly naked, which I am okay with.
Jane?Jane Foster:I was okay with it.Thor:Korg?Korg:I loved it.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Thor:I closed off my heart, and I meditated.
Did you meditate?Jane Foster:No.
It’s so boring.Thor:It actually made me more angry.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Gorr:Call the axe!Thor:I’ll call the axe when you call a dentist!”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Jane Foster:Break a leg.Thor:I’ll break all his legs.”Thor: Love and Thunder
In his time fighting alongside the Avengers and trying to prevent Ragnarok, Thor has often shown his anger with some iconic lines.
Here are Thor’s most memorable angry quotes.
via GIPHY
“IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO?”Avengers: Age of Ultron
“Be warned, this boy grows tired of your mockery!”Thor
“Do I look to be in a gaming mood?”The Avengers
“We’re not friends, and I don’t give a shit about your games!”Thor: Ragnarok
“You’ll die for that!”Avengers: Infinity War
“Bruce Banner:Like Thanos.
[Thor pauses, then grabs Banner by the coat, pointing at him]Thor:Don’t say that name.”Avengers: Endgame
“Thor:King Yakan, tell them what happened here today.
Tell of the time that Thor, and his ragtag, motley crew of misfit desperados, turned the tide of the battle, and etched their names in history.
For the odds may be against us, but I’ll tell you this for free…Peter Quill:Here it comes…Thor:This ends here and now!”Thor: Love and Thunder
It’s not often we see Thor sad but it does happen.
These are the saddest quotes by Thor where he has been at his most vulnerable in the few times he lost a fight or people he loves.
via GIPHY
“What more could I lose?”Avengers: Infinity War
“Thor:What have I done?Heimdall:You saved us from extinction.
Asgard is not a place, it’s a people.”Thor: Ragnarok
“I went for the head.”Avengers: Endgame
“I’ve been having terrible dreams as of late.
Every night I see Asgard falling to ruins.”Thor: Ragnarok
“The only thing that is permanent in life is impermanence.”Avengers: Endgame
“It’s better to feel shitty from losing love than it is to never experience love, and to feel nothing at all, to feel empty.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Jane Foster:Quite a reunion, huh?Thor:You’re telling me.Jane Foster:What’s it been?
Like, three, four years?Thor:Eight years, seven months, and six days.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Jane Foster:I want to keep fighting.
I’m the Mighty Thor.
And you want me not to do that?
What’s the point of more time of this?Thor:Because I love you.
I’ve always loved you.
And this is a chance for us.
But if you pick up that damn hammer again, then that chance is gone.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“[to Gorr, about Jane] You’ve won.
Why should I spend my last moments with you, when I can spend them with her?
I choose love.”Thor: Love and Thunder
“Jane Foster:Not bad for a human.Thor:Not bad for a god.”Thor: Love and Thunder
The dynamic between Thor and Loki is complicated but often hilarious!
Here are our favorite lines Thor has said about Loki, as well as some funny bits of dialogue between the two brothers.
Make sure you also read ourbest quotes by Lokiarticle!
via GIPHY
“Thor:Have a care how you speak!
Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard and he is my brother!Natasha Romanoff:He killed eighty people in two days.Thor:He’s adopted.”The Avengers
“Loki, I thought the world of you.
I thought we were gonna fight side by side forever.”Thor: Ragnarok
“Loki:[referring to Thor’s Eagle-Winged Helmet] Nice feathers.Thor:[referring to Loki’s Horned Headpiece] You don’t really want to start this again, do you, Cow?”Thor
“Loki:Here’s the thing.
I’m probably better off staying here on Sakaar.Thor:That’s exactly what I was thinking.Loki:…Did you just agree with me?Thor:This place is perfect for you.
It’s savage, chaotic, lawless.
Brother, you’re going to do GREAT here.”Thor: Ragnarok
“Brother, however I have wronged you, whatever I have done that has led you to do this, I am truly sorry.
But these people are innocent, taking their lives will gain you nothing.
So take mine, and end this.”Thor
“What would you like me to say?
You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth… to die, releasing the Goddess of Death.
Have I said enough, or do you do you want me to go further back than the past two days?”Thor: Ragnarok
“Loki:[aboard a Dark Elf ship] I thought you said you knew how to fly this thing.Thor:[looking at the controls, clearly lost] I said ‘how hard could it be’.”Thor: The Dark World
“Valkyrie:He did try to kill me.Thor:Yes, me too.
On many, many occasions.
There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes.
So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, “Blergh, it’s me!” And he stabbed me.
We were eight at the time.”Thor: Ragnarok
“[Thor and Loki commandeer a Harrow]Loki:Look, why don’t you let me take over?
I’m clearly the better pilot!Thor:Is that right?
Out of the two of us, which one can ACTUALLY fly?
[the Harrow takes out a building]Thor:Not a word…”Thor: The Dark World
“That looks painful.
Dear brother, you’re becoming predictable.
I trust you, you betray me, round and round in circles we go.
See Loki, life is about… It’s about growth, it’s about change, but you seem to just want to stay the same.
I guess what I’m trying to say is that you’ll always be the god of mischief, but you could be more.”Thor: Ragnarok
Let us know in the comments below!
Want more Marvel quotes?
Check these out:
via GIPHY
Kristy Brandt
Comment
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
