Plucky astrophysicist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) monitors the New Mexico sky for signs of unique astrological phenomenon—Einstein-Rosen bridges, better known by their street name: wormholes.
She's accompanied by her skeptical mentor Erik (Stellan Skarsgard) and underpaid intern Darcy (Kat Dennings).
They spot a much, much more prominent phenomenon than expected and head out in their Jeep after it.
Their wild ride is interrupted by the sudden appearance of a tall blonde man (Chris Hemsworth), who Jane hits with her car.
Whoops.
Flashback: Norway, 965 AD.
An army of frost giants arrives to make life miserable for humans everywhere.
The noble Asgardians arrive to fight alongside humanity.
Together, they push the giants back into their home realm of Jotunheim, where Asgard's King Odin (Anthony Hopkins) compels the surrender of the frost giant king Laufey (Colm Feore), and takes the source of their power: a glowy blue box.
The Asgardians return home for some much-deserved drinking and carousing.
Odin explains to his sons Thor and Loki what happened with the frost giants, while giving them some keen pointers on being a good king.
Now grown, Thor (Hemsworth) attends a ceremony where Odin proclaims him heir to the throne of Asgard.
Thor is kind of an arrogant jerk about it.
Frost giants crash the party by trying to steal their power source back from the Asgardian vaults.
They didn't reckon on Odin's mighty space robot, the Destroyer, which, um, destroys them.
Thor is super-cranky that they got into Asgard and wants to cruise into Jotunheim and gets some Jets-Sharks action going.
Odin refuses, citing the basic "war is bad" clause.
Thor throws a godlike temper tantrum while Loki (Tom Hiddleston) commiserates.
He decides to head into Jotunheim anyway, accompanied by Loki, Lady Sif (Jaimie Alexander) and the Warriors Three (Josh Dallas, Tadanobu Asano, and Ray Stevenson).
They're stopped by Heimdall (Idris Elba), guardian of the Bifrost Bridge (and apparently God of Teleportation between Realms?) who agrees to let them go only because he wants to know how the giants got into Asgard.
They arrive in Jotunheim, trade insults with Laufey and commence with general Rumble 'Em Right activities.
During the fight, a frost giant touches Loki's arm, and his skin turns as blue as theirs.
Thor and his buddies stomp the first wave of frost giants good, but Wave #2 looks much more intimidating.
Odin arrives at the last minute to pull their butts out of the fire.
He tries to smooth things over with Laufey.
Laufey ain't having it.
Odin pulls the Asgardians back home before the giants can attack, and gives Thor a dressing down of the "don't go starting wars" variety.
Thor throws an even bigger temper tantrum.
Odin responds by stripping away his power and punting him to Earth, followed by Thor's hammer.
Talk about an intense "time out."
Back to the present, where Jane is transfixed by the burns on the ground resembling Nordic patterns…oh yeah and by Thor, who seems cranky and confused, as well as raving about mythic gods.
Thor gets uppity with Kat, who tasers his formerly super-powered butt into oblivion.
They check him into the hospital, where his crankiness continues unabated.
The doctors sedate him and he gets to take a little nap.
The local yahoos find Thor's hammer in the nearby desert, but since none of them are worthy, no one can so much as budge it.
Jane spots signs of Thor on the computer image of the phenomenon that brought him here; apparently, it was a gate shooting him from somewhere else to Earth.
Jane and her buddies head back to the hospital to ask Thor what he was doing in a ribbon of intergalactic energy.
Thor breaks out of the restraints holding him in the hospital bed and escapes…and Jane runs him over.
Again.
SHIELD—Marvel's super secret agency tasked with keeping the world safe from angry gods and alien invasions—arrives at the hammer site.
They promptly go all men in black: shooing away the yokels and setting up an instant compound to study the thing.
Thor changes into human clothes while revealing his washboard abs to his new friends.
Thor's friends lament his exile, and Loki reveals that he secretly let Odin know that Thor planned to go to Jotunheim.
Sif comments on what a sneaky sneak Loki is, and there's some idle speculation that he may be the guy who let the giants into Asgard.
Loki goes to the vault to toy with the giants' power source, where he's interrupted by Odin.
Odin reveals that Loki is actually Laufey's son, and that he plucked him off of the battlefield as a baby to save his life.
Odin hoped that Loki would one day join Asgard and Jotunheim into one kingdom.
Loki takes the news badly—really badly—and the argument sends Odin into a cosmic recharge cycle known as Odinsleep.
Jane and her friends take Thor out for pancakes.
A lot of pancakes.
Two other patrons at the diner talk about the hammer in the desert that no one seems to be able to lift.
Thor insists on going out to get it…since it's his hammer, after all, and he's pretty sure it will make him all cool and godly again.
Jane considers driving him to the hammer, but Erik talks her out of it; all of Thor's godhood talk has given him a serious case of the willies.
Jane agrees with Erik and Thor bids the trio farewell: that hammer ain't gonna reclaim itself.
They head back to their headquarters, only to find SHIELD's Agent Coulson (Clark Gregg) taking all of their stuff (some kind of national security thing).
They mope on the roof before Jane decides to find Thor.
Sif and the Warriors Three come to Odin to beg for Thor's return, only to find Loki sitting on the throne.
They reluctantly bow and scrape, then ask Loki to bring Thor home.
Loki refuses, because he doesn't want Thor coming back and mucking with his power trip.
Erik finds a book of Norse mythology in the library and takes it with him to demonstrate how silly Thor's ravings are.
Thor's busy canvasing the local pet shop for something he can ride; Jane offers to take him to the hammer site if he'll help get her notebook back.
Back on Asgard, Loki mopes over Odin's body, while Odin's wife Frigga (Rene Russo), reminds him that Odin does everything for a reason.
Jane and Thor arrive at the site in the dark, while a thunderstorm kicks up.
Jane calls Erik to ask for help while Thor sneaks onto the site and starts pummeling the guards.
The guard-pummeling goes well and Thor makes his way to the hammer while SHIELD marksman Clint Barton (Jeremy Renner) looks on.
Thor grabs the hammer…and can't lift it.
Guess he's not worthy after all.
The SHIELD agents take him into custody.
Jane heads back to her headquarters, where she and Erik debate whether or not Thor's an actual god.
Loki appears before Thor disguised as a SHIELD agent, claiming that Odin is dead and that he, Loki, is now king.
One lying lie isn't enough for Loki; he claims that Thor's exile led to Odin's death and that Thor has to stay in exile in order to avoid a war with Jotunheim.
Erik arrives to spring Thor, claiming that Thor is just a colleague who got cranky about SHIELD taking their stuff.
Coulson doesn't buy it, but lets the two go in order to tail them.
Erik and Thor go to the local bar, where Erik tells Thor not to pursue Jane romantically.
Thor agrees…and then drinks Erik under the table.
Loki arrives at Jotunheim for more sneakiness: revealing that he allowed the frost giants to enter Asgard.
He makes Laufey an offer: Loki can sneak the frost giants into Asgard again, where they can kill Odin and cement Loki's rule.
In exchange, he offers Laufey his power source back.
The bad guys come to an agreement and Loki returns to Asgard.
Heimdall lets Loki know that he doesn't trust him, but Loki reminds him that he's honor bound to obey his king.
Heimdall agrees, though not without a bit of snark.
Thor takes a semi-conscious Erik back to Jane's trailer to sleep off their epic drinking.
Thor and Jane sit on the roof and Thor explains how Asgard understands the universe.
Thor reveals that he slipped Jane's notebook away when he left the hammer site.
Jane is super-thrilled to have her notebook back.
Sif and the Warriors Three have had all they can stand, and head to Earth to get Thor back.
Heimdall overhears them and offers to conveniently look the other way while they use the Bifrost Bridge to zap themselves to Earth.
Loki, in a snit, sends the Destroyer to Earth to kill Thor.
Sif and the Warriors Three reunite with Thor and reveal that Loki is lying: Odin still lives and they're ready to take him home.
Heimdall calls Loki on his sneakiness.
Loki fires him and then freezes him solid when he fights back.
The Destroyer arrives on Earth and starts to, um, destroy stuff.
Thor and his friends evacuate the town while the Destroyer goes berserk.
Sif and the Warriors Three attempt to fight it off, and have kind of a bad day on that front.
Thor steps in front of the Destroyer and speaks to Loki through it.
He offers to sacrifice himself in exchange for calling off the Destroyer.
Loki agrees and the Destroyer smacks Thor dead with a single mighty blow.
Surprise: Thor's self-sacrifice means that he's worthy to wield the hammer again.
The hammer shoots off from its position towards Thor.
In a blazing display of CGI, Thor is restored to life and full power.
A serious beatdown on the Destroyer commences until the space robot is no more.
Jane gets snuggly with Thor in his god uniform.
Thor pledges an allegiance with Coulson and SHIELD, provided they give Jane all her stuff back.
Coulson agrees, and Thor and the gang head out to the desert to return to Asgard.
Big kiss for Jane…and Thor promises to return once he's pummeled Loki good.
Loki lets Laufey and his guard into Asgard to kill Odin.
Once they're gone, Heimdall breaks free of the ice imprisoning him and brings Thor and his friends back home.
Laufey smacks Frigga aside and is about to kill Odin while he sleeps.
Loki demonstrates a last bit of sneakiness: slaying Laufey as a way of proving himself to his father.
He then intends to turn the power of the Bifrost onto Jotunheim in order to destroy it completely.
Thor arrives to stop him: having grown up a bit, he no longer sees destroying Jotunheim as a cool thing.
And… fight .
Loki's defeated, but sets the Bifrost to blow up Jotunheim, claiming that Thor can do nothing to stop it.
Thor responds by destroying the Bifrost, which saves Jotunheim but cuts Asgard off from the rest of the universe.
Loki and Thor fall off the Bifrost, but Thor catches Loki and Odin—awakened from his sleep—catches Thor.
Loki, not interested in facing the music for his crimes, drops off into space.
Jane realizes that the Bifrost isn't going to open again, and starts looking for another way to reunite with Thor.
Thor and Odin make up, and Thor checks in with Heimdall, who's keeping an eye on Jane while they figure out how to rebuild the Bifrost.
Epilogue: Erik's called into SHIELD headquarters to help them study a strange new power source.
Loki, apparently alive and well, is secretly controlling Erik's actions, setting us all up for The Avengers .
