Show Spoilers
Night Vision
Sticky Header
Highlight Links
Edit Page
Related
History
Discussion
To Do
Page Source
Characters
Create Subpage- Create New -AnalysisArchiveAwesomeDerivativeWork…FanWorksFanficRecsFridgeFunnyHaikuHeadscratchersHeartwarmingImageLinksImageSourceLaconicMediaNotesNewsletterNightmareFuelPlayingWithQuoteSourceQuotesRecapReferencedByShockingTearJerkerTimelineTriviaWMGYMMV
Averted when the hammer passed tothe female Thor, where he retained membership onThe Avengers, only changing his codename toOdinson.
Abusive Parents: In modern stories, Odin has generally been depicted as a well-meaning parent who was nonetheless a"Well Done, Son" Guyand a victim of this in his own right courtesy of Bor .
This means that he's at least emotionally abusive even to Thor, nominally his favourite child .
Thor is profoundly embittered by it, and the two have gone at it hard in the past, with the thing that most shocks all three  Thors at the end ofWar of the Realmsbeing that Odin has grabbed them in a bearhug and told themthat he's proud of them.
It's hilarious and profoundly depressing.
The Ace: By Asgardian standards, Thor is practically the perfect warrior.
He's the strongest and most accomplished member of his race with centuries of battle experience, one of the biggest winners of theSuperpower Lotteryin theMarvel Universe, the beloved son of Odin and heir to the throne, a founder of the Avengers, and one of the most respected heroes of Earth.
As seen in theGod of Thunderrun, races who worship other pantheons pray to him for aid, and often, he answers.
Achilles' Heel: In the past, he would revert back to the human guise of Donald Blake if he were ever separated from Mjölnir for any more than sixty seconds.
These days, this is no longer an issue, giving Thor no glaring weaknesses beyondholding back to the point of detrimentandrecklessness.
Adaptation Dye-Job: In some of the original myths, Thor is aFiery Redhead, something the lesser-knownDC Comicsversion of the character reflects.
This isjustifiedby the cyclic nature of Ragnarok in the Marvel Universe: each time Thor is reborn, minor details are changed.
The Thor of previous Ragnarok cycle did have red hair, but the Thor we know is blonde.
Adaptation Personality Change: Marvel's Thor is much more classically noble, polite and inspiring than the Thor in myths.
While mythological Thor was indeed a loyal protector of mankind, he was also a hot-temperedBlood Knightwith a notorious appetite who several times had to be talked down out of his fury, such as when he would have broken all of Loki's bones after the latter cut off Sif's hair had Loki not sworn to ask the dwarves for a replacement and when he would straightway have cracked the skull of the giantess Hyrrokkin when she pushed Baldr's enormous funerary ship hard enough to shake the ground if the other gods hadn't stopped him.
This is occasionally adressed in stories set in Thor's younger days, in which he is portrayed as more impulsive and reckless.
Adaptational Superpower Change: Thor can use Mjölnir to channel several abilities his mythological counterpart lacked.
For instance, in the comics, Thor can fly by hurling his hammer in the air and holding onto its strap.
InNorse Mythology, however, Mjölnir didn't have such power, and Thor relied on his goat-drawn chariot to travel long distances.
In fact, in some situations, such as in the "Hárbarðsjlóð", he couldn't pass through bodies of water by himself, something which he wouldn't have trouble with could he go over them.
The opposite is true as well, as in theProse Edda, Brokk tells Thor the hammer would take no scathe no matter how hard he used it and it wouldn't lose its target when thrown, whereas in Marvel Comics, Mjölnir has been damaged multiple times  and it hasn't been stated to never miss.
The Alcoholic: Not quite to the same degree asTony Stark, but he does love his mead and ale.
His younger self was far more of a drinker than his future versions.
He starts drinking far more after he loses his hammer, but sobers up again.
Mostly.
Alternate Company Equivalent:Manycomic fans see him as one toDC Comics'Superman, due to both having red capes, both being very close to each other in terms of power scaling, both coming from other worlds, both being seen as gods , and both beingnice guysto a fault.
Alternate Timeline: In Galactus and Thor's encounter with the Black Winter, the Black Winter tells Thor that his fate to become the one-eyed, one-armed King Thor is broken.
So that old Thor is going to be an alternate timeline.
His new fate inThorwill be to eventually die at Thanos's hand and have the Mad Titan take the Mjölnir as a vessel for the Infinity Stones.
Amazon Chaser: ThorHas a Typethat can be summed up in two words:Action Girls.
Courage and strength of will seem to bethethings that he looks for in prospectiveLove Interests, and whilst strength or fighting skills aren't necessary, they definitely don't hurt.
Thor's list of lovers includes:Sif, a badass Asgardian warrior-woman, was long portrayed as Thor's main potential love interest.
For added measure, it was shown that he was instantly smitten with her when he saw her battling a monster, and he even outright stated that her strength and bravery are why he is attracted to her.Whilst Jane Foster is not a straight-up warrior, it has been established that her courage and drive to help in even the worst dangers are part of the reasons why Thor is  attracted to her.And then there was the time she gained Thor's powers by replacing him as the wielder of Mjölnir...Whilst Thor would bed many mortal women as a youth, his first true love was the Norse warrior-woman called Erika the Red.Whilst hiscomplicatedrelationship withThe Enchantressseems to subvert this, one has to remember that she's only aSquishy WizardbyAsgardianstandards.
To humans, she's abullet-proof monsterwiththe ability to lift between 25-30 tons, meaning she doesn't need magic to absolutelywreck some shitif she feels like it.
Not to mention there was that one  timeline where they were married in "Thor: The Reigning".Roz Solomon is an agent ofS.H.I.E.L.D.
, and thus a fully licensed and trained secret agent with skills in espionage, counter-terrorism and martial arts, who becomes known as "Troll-Slayer".In the 2019 run ofThe Avengers, Thor started a tentative relationship withShe-Hulk.
This one is extra amusing if one remembers that, in the myths, Thor had a son with super-godly strength named Magni from a relationship with a giantess.Thor has been seen making out with Namora in one comic.Whilst it hasn't happened in the main continuity, Thor andStormhas shown up in several extra-canon Marvel stories.
They were shown dating in Marvel Adventures, whilst X-Treme X-Men #2 featured a Thor & Storm from an alternate universe who were married.Word of Godhas even revealed that a character named Thunderstorm, who was the daughter of Thor & Storm, was planned to be introduced in the Exiles.
Sif, a badass Asgardian warrior-woman, was long portrayed as Thor's main potential love interest.
For added measure, it was shown that he was instantly smitten with her when he saw her battling a monster, and he even outright stated that her strength and bravery are why he is attracted to her.
Whilst Jane Foster is not a straight-up warrior, it has been established that her courage and drive to help in even the worst dangers are part of the reasons why Thor is  attracted to her.And then there was the time she gained Thor's powers by replacing him as the wielder of Mjölnir...
Whilst Thor would bed many mortal women as a youth, his first true love was the Norse warrior-woman called Erika the Red.
Whilst hiscomplicatedrelationship withThe Enchantressseems to subvert this, one has to remember that she's only aSquishy WizardbyAsgardianstandards.
To humans, she's abullet-proof monsterwiththe ability to lift between 25-30 tons, meaning she doesn't need magic to absolutelywreck some shitif she feels like it.
Not to mention there was that one  timeline where they were married in "Thor: The Reigning".
Roz Solomon is an agent ofS.H.I.E.L.D.
, and thus a fully licensed and trained secret agent with skills in espionage, counter-terrorism and martial arts, who becomes known as "Troll-Slayer".
In the 2019 run ofThe Avengers, Thor started a tentative relationship withShe-Hulk.
This one is extra amusing if one remembers that, in the myths, Thor had a son with super-godly strength named Magni from a relationship with a giantess.
Thor has been seen making out with Namora in one comic.
Whilst it hasn't happened in the main continuity, Thor andStormhas shown up in several extra-canon Marvel stories.
They were shown dating in Marvel Adventures, whilst X-Treme X-Men #2 featured a Thor & Storm from an alternate universe who were married.Word of Godhas even revealed that a character named Thunderstorm, who was the daughter of Thor & Storm, was planned to be introduced in the Exiles.
Amplifier Artifact: Thor typically carries two of these that increase his already insane abilities.Megingjord, otherwise known as the Belt of Strength, doubles his already absurd physical might.
He can even tighten the belt strap to increase his strength even further.
The downside being that using it drains him to the point where he can barely walk.Mjölnir serves as a focus for his innateElemental Powersand further increases his control.
Megingjord, otherwise known as the Belt of Strength, doubles his already absurd physical might.
He can even tighten the belt strap to increase his strength even further.
The downside being that using it drains him to the point where he can barely walk.
Mjölnir serves as a focus for his innateElemental Powersand further increases his control.
Appropriated Appellation: Ever since he lost his worthiness of Mjölnir, he's frequently struggled with his sense of worth, often seeing himself as unworthy, with many of his enemies mocking him for this as well.
At the tale end ofWar of the Realms, heregains Mjölnir andtakes up a new title: God of theUnworthy.
An Arm and a Leg: Malekith chops off his left arm shortly intoThor .
InThor, heregains his arm after being made the "Herald of Thunder" byGalactus.
Artificial Limbs: After losing the ability to use his hammer, Thor lost his left arm in a battle with Frost Giants, forcing him to replace it with an Uru-forged arm.
He later received another arm inWar of the Realmsreminiscent of the Destroyer.
Flash-Forwards to centuries later reveal that Old King Thor still has it.That said, Thor's real arm returns after becoming Galactus's herald inThor.
Attack Reflector: Mjölnir has the ability to reflect any energy attacks launched at it and can even amplify the energy anywhere from 10 to 100 times the original amount for added firepower.
Awesome Moment of Crowning: After his father's death, he became king of Asgard and inherited the Odin-Force, but would later pass the title back to Odin when he came back.
At the end of theWar of the Realmsevent,Odin declares him the true king of Asgard and the All-Father.
He evenbowsto him.
Badass Boast: He is themasterof these.
The arrogant smack-talk is part of his charm.Thor: Jormungandr is too powerful to be injured easily!
Yet the might of Mjölnir in the hand of Thor is the might of Agard unfettered!
And the fighting heart of Thor shall know no surrender!
Badass Cape: His cape is especially notable, because unlike theDistinguished Competition, most heroes in the Marvel Universe lack one.
Badass in Distress: Despite being one of the most powerful warriors ever, he tends to bite off more than he can chew at times.In his youth, he was captured by Gorr the God Butcher and tortured for seventeen days straight.
He was eventually rescued by his fellow vikings, who helped him defeat Gorr.In issue 3 ofWar of the Realms, a strike team composed ofCaptain America,Spider-Man,Luke Cage,Iron FistandWolverinewere sent to Jotunheim to rescue Thor after he had been stranded there by Malekith.Daredevil even told them that he heard him screaming from across the universe, so they made haste.
This ends up being subverted, as he was screaming in fury and killing all of his enemies in hisWarrior's Madness.In issue 3 ofKing Thor, Old King Thor and his brotherLokiare left at the mercy ofthe resurrected Gorr, unable to escape or fight back.
Thor's granddaughters come to their rescue alongsidethe Skylords of Indigarr.
In his youth, he was captured by Gorr the God Butcher and tortured for seventeen days straight.
He was eventually rescued by his fellow vikings, who helped him defeat Gorr.
In issue 3 ofWar of the Realms, a strike team composed ofCaptain America,Spider-Man,Luke Cage,Iron FistandWolverinewere sent to Jotunheim to rescue Thor after he had been stranded there by Malekith.Daredevil even told them that he heard him screaming from across the universe, so they made haste.
This ends up being subverted, as he was screaming in fury and killing all of his enemies in hisWarrior's Madness.
In issue 3 ofKing Thor, Old King Thor and his brotherLokiare left at the mercy ofthe resurrected Gorr, unable to escape or fight back.
Thor's granddaughters come to their rescue alongsidethe Skylords of Indigarr.
Barbarian Long Hair: His flowing golden hair, which is one of the key significances that differentiate him from his mythological predecessor.
It's also earned him the nickname "Goldilocks" from the Hulk.
After he became unworthy of Mjölnir followingOriginal Sin,he had his hair cut short.
Batman Can Breathe in Space: He can casually survive  in the vacuum of space without any problems.
Needing to breathe seems to be optional for Asgardians.
Battle Cry: "For Midgard!
and "For Asgard!
most commonly.
Beard of Sorrow: He grows a more sorrowful beard when he loses the ability to wield Mjölnir afterOriginal Sin.
The Berserker: If really pressed in combat, Thor can enter a state called the "Warrior's Madness", which is claimed toincrease his strength tenfold and makes him more resistant to harm.
The problem is that he can no longer distinguish friend from foe in this state.
Beware the Nice Ones: He's generally aNice Guy, but when he really cuts loose and gets angry, it's a terrifying sight.
When he came back from Ragnarok and met up with Iron Man, he was so pissed that he cloned him that hewrecks him and shatters his armorwhile threatening to unleash a storm that would reduce Washington D.C. to washed up rubble.
Big Brother Instinct: When they were young, Thor was always very protective of Loki, which only helped nurture his complexes that lead him down the path of villainy.
When Loki returned to life as Kid!Loki after the Siege of Asgard, this was dialed up to 11 as Thor finally saw a chance to save his brother from becoming a villain.
When Thor learned that Loki's evil adult self had killed Kid!Loki in secret and had taken control of the body to return to life, helost it, and even though the situation was a tiny bit complicated than that - adult Loki and kid Loki had essentially undergone aFusion Dancewith the former nominally dominant, and the result was trying to change his life and become a hero, Thor intended to bring him back to Asgard and see justice for murdering his baby brother.
They're back on better terms now, though Thor doesn't trust his brother one bit.
The Big Guy:Alwaysplays this role among The Avengers as the most powerful of them.
He is also physically the strongest warrior in Asgard.Rigellian Recorder 451:Earth can stand against its foes, but it needs something to make its foes never dream of making a fist.
Earth needs a nuclear deterrent.Iron Man:Earthhasa nuclear deterrent.
It also has Thor.
Blow You Away: He can manipulate the weather at will, and can even do so on a planetary scale.
Boisterous Bruiser: Thor is loud, proud, and has the strength to back it up.
Brains Evil, Brawn Good: In comparison to Loki.
While that's not to say that Thor is dumb , he typically prefersrushing headfirst into his problemsand wacking them with his hammer to fight evil, while Loki is more ofa manipulatorwho outsmarts his enemies to defeat the heroes.
Breakout Character: During his earlier years as part of theJourney into Mysterycomics, stories involving him became so popular that the series was revamped to be about him.
Break Out the Museum Piece: After he loses the ability to use Mjölnir, he uses Jarnbjorn, the battle-axe that he wielded in his youth.
Broken Ace: While he doesn't start out as this, he certainly becomes this post-Original Sin.
He loses his worthiness to wield Mjölnir and becomes way more cynical and melancholic.
He admits that he's come to believe that Gorr was right about the gods, and that they don't deserve the praise and worship mortals heap on them.
Far into the future, he has this even worse.
He becomes the All-Father and lord of Asgard and inherits the Odin-Force (which he renames the , but his brother permanently turning to evil, the death of all life on Earth at Loki's hands, and Gorr's slaughter and enslavement of his people has reduced him to a near shell of himself who can barely muster the will to fight anymore.
Thankfully, both the past and future versions of Thor eventually get better, though they still carry much baggage regarding their past failings and self-worth.
Broken Pedestal: He becomes this toBeta Ray BillinThor when it's revealed that hechose to become Galactus' herald and is helping him devour planets of his own volition.
After their fight, Bill even denounces Thor, saying that he is no longer Thor's "brother".
Though he does at least accept Thor's offer to become his second-in-command to help keep him restrained.
Broke Your Arm Punching Out Cthulhu: Despite his immense power, fighting the cosmic and powerful beings that he does tends to leave him a bloody mess afterward.
His battle with his grandfather, Bor, destroyed Mjölnir, and he tends to break his bones when he's pitted against the Destroyer.
Even his battles against the World Serpent are ones that he doesn't leave without near crippling damage to his person.
Another instance was in his battle with Glory, a planet-sizedEldritch Abominationthat embodied an entire pantheon of dark gods.
After barely managing to kill him, he was completely incapacitated and fell to Earth while reverting back to his Donald Blake guise, causing him to suffer from amnesia as well.
Brought Down to Badass: While he's lost the right to wield his hammer due to the events ofOriginal Sinand with it a good portion of his godly power, he's still a mighty warrior capable of kicking some serious ass.
Also happened to him previously when he lost the Odin-Force, the bulk of Odin's power that is passed onto his heir after his death, after his father was revived.
This happens again after Issue #6 ofThor , where after he kills Galactus and the Black Winter,he seemingly loses the Power Cosmic abilities he gained, but is still the All-Father.
Brought to You by the Letter "S": Once he becomes the Herald of Thunder, he gains the rune of Thurisaz on his armor.
Even after heloses his Herald powers, He still maintains this.
Bruiser with a Soft Center: For all his boisterousness, he shows plenty of emotional vulnerability at times, especially when dealing with his family.
But for Me, It Was Tuesday: Sometimes played for tragedy.
Thor once fought against a massive army for two full years without any rest, but he doesn't even remember the fight.
This is because when you're a god who's fought in so many battles over the centuries, a two year long fight means nothing.
And in one late 2010s Thor run, he revealed that whenever he comes to Earth, he's never quite sure if his friends will still be alive, because he's lived for so long that as dearly as he loves them,We Are as Mayflies.
Cain and Abel: The Abel to Loki's Cain.
Came Back Strong:Subverted.
After he returns from the final Ragnarok cycle and gets into a fight with Iron Man, Tony comments on Thor being much stronger than he was previously - Thor having effortlessly batted him around.
Thor tells him that he hasn't grown any stronger,he's just not holding back anymore.
Carry a Big Stick:Mjölniris averyimportant part of Thor's character.
It lets him focus his innate weather powers, and also grants him the ability of faster-than-light flight.
It was once said that Thor by himself comprises half the full wartime might of Asgard... but that half ofThor'smight resides in Mjölnir.
After Mjölnir isdestroyed, Thor begins wielding a number of new hammers, many of which have their own abilities.
However, they are also not as strong as his old one and break easily if he's not careful.
Catchphrase: Thor has some of the best.
If you don't believe us, try shouting "I SAY THEE NAY!
next time someone cuts you off in traffic and see how awesome it feels.By Odin's beard!HAVE AT THEE!
By Odin's beard!
HAVE AT THEE!
Clark Kenting: Averted when he transforms into Donald Blake, who's a much skinnier mortal man with short hair rather than Thor's long hair, but played very straight when he adopts his Sigurd Jarlson persona, which is heavily lampshaded.
He even runs into theTrope Namerimmediately after donning his glasses.
Dating Catwoman: Has an on-again/off-again/on-again relationship with Amora, The Enchantress, despite her  frequent lapses into villainy.In the  future timeline of "Thor: The Reigning", Thor actuallymarriedThe Enchantress.
Surprisingly, it worked; the two of them were intensely devoted to each other, and Amora was fiercely protective of her husband.He also had a romance with Lorelei, Amora's sister, partially out of physical attraction but mostly due to an extremely powerful AsgardianLove Potion.
In the  future timeline of "Thor: The Reigning", Thor actuallymarriedThe Enchantress.
Surprisingly, it worked; the two of them were intensely devoted to each other, and Amora was fiercely protective of her husband.
He also had a romance with Lorelei, Amora's sister, partially out of physical attraction but mostly due to an extremely powerful AsgardianLove Potion.
Deflector Shields: Using Mjölnir, Thor can create "dimensional disruptions" that not even the Hulk can break through.
He has also created vortexes and barriers that cannot be penetrated by Earthly means, such as the barrier he made to defend the U.N. Headquarters inThor #181.
The greatest feat his shields have ever displayed was inAvengers Annual #16, where he created a vortex barrier that blocked the explosion of the life-bomb, which was stated to be so powerful that it's explosion would have destroyed1/5 of the Marvel Universe, albeit at the cost of his own life.
However, he has never displayed these abilities in modern comics, so it's likely that Mjölnir no longer possesses this power.
Depending on the Writer:Whether or not he can fly without Mjölnir has occasionally shifted depending on the story or media.
Sometimes he needs Mjölnir to be able to fly, but other times he can fly perfectly fine without it.
AfterOriginal Sin, he seems to have lost the ability to fly for good now that he can no longer use his hammer, thoughA New Startreveals that it doesn't necessarily require Mjolnir - just a magic hammer.
By the time of Donny Cates' run,even after he loses his Herald powers, he's shown being able to fly perfectly well without his hammer.
Being Allfather may have something to do with it.Whether he's an authentic Norse deity or from a species of super-beings that resemble gods has also fluctuated depending on the form of media.His exact level of strength also fluctuated over the years, largely in relation to the Hulk.
Is he stronger than the Hulk?
Is he dead even with him?
Is he substantially weaker when the Hulk is enraged?
This tends to alter depending on the writer.
In 2013,Stan Leegave his stance on the issue andstated thatit was a matter of whether the writer in question is a bigger fan of the Hulk or Thor.
As for 2023, the Hulk series confirmed that he's as strong or can become stronger through the Warrior's Madness, Thor's own hulking out.
Whether or not he can fly without Mjölnir has occasionally shifted depending on the story or media.
Sometimes he needs Mjölnir to be able to fly, but other times he can fly perfectly fine without it.
AfterOriginal Sin, he seems to have lost the ability to fly for good now that he can no longer use his hammer, thoughA New Startreveals that it doesn't necessarily require Mjolnir - just a magic hammer.
By the time of Donny Cates' run,even after he loses his Herald powers, he's shown being able to fly perfectly well without his hammer.
Being Allfather may have something to do with it.
Whether he's an authentic Norse deity or from a species of super-beings that resemble gods has also fluctuated depending on the form of media.
His exact level of strength also fluctuated over the years, largely in relation to the Hulk.
Is he stronger than the Hulk?
Is he dead even with him?
Is he substantially weaker when the Hulk is enraged?
This tends to alter depending on the writer.
In 2013,Stan Leegave his stance on the issue andstated thatit was a matter of whether the writer in question is a bigger fan of the Hulk or Thor.
As for 2023, the Hulk series confirmed that he's as strong or can become stronger through the Warrior's Madness, Thor's own hulking out.
Determinator: It doesn't matter if he's beaten within an inch of his life, his liver turned to glass, or if he's reduced to a pile of flesh, he'll get back up and keep fighting till his dying breath.
Did You Just Punch Out Cthulhu?
: Something Thor is known for is taking on the most powerful beings ever and knocking them down a peg or two.
He's defeated the World Serpent, struck a starving Galactus with a God Blast powerful enough to send him fleeing, and  knocked out the Phoenix Force, just to name a few.
Dishing Out Dirt: While he doesn't use this nearly as often as his electric abilities, he does possess the ability to manipulate the Earth due to his heritage as the son of the Earth Mother, Gaea.
While in 2021, that was called into question, he's created massive chasms and continental earthquakes that can't be properly measured by the Richter scale.
Divine Parentage: Granted, all Asgardians can be considered this due to being gods, but Thor takes this up to eleven by not only being the son of the All-Father Odin, but the offspring of Gaea, the Earth mother and an actual Elder God.
Though this gets called into question when the 2021Avengersstoryline, "Enter the Phoenix", heavily implies that he's the offspring of Odin and Firehair, an ancient avatar for the Phoenix Force.
Either way, he still qualifies for this trope.He's actually Gaea's child, but, to square the circle, he was killed by Laufey almost immediately after birth, and was 'rebirthed' by Firehair's Phoenix fire.
Per Gaea, that makes them both his mother.
Or, perhaps to summarise it, Gaea birthed him, Freya raised him, and Firehair is basically his godmother.
The Dreaded: Gods, Giants, and mortal villains fear his might.
Even the most powerful entities in the Marvel Universe get concerned whenever he shows up.
Dumb Muscle: Thor's impulsive nature and preference for acting without thinking things through can often leave this impression when it gets him or his allies in trouble.Subvertedin that when he bothers to think he can come up with reasonably intelligent battle plans and outsmart some of the top schemers in the 616 universe.
Elemental Powers: Lighting and Wind, befitting the God of Thunder.
He also hasDishing Out Dirtthanks to his heritage as the son of Gaea andPlaying with Fireto a smaller degree with his "Atomic Flare" technique and connection to the Phoenix viaFirehair having 'rebirthed' him in her Phoenix flames to save him as a newborn, and having got attached.
It's easiest to see her as his godmother.
Empathic Weapon: Mjölnir is this, as it's not a matter of strength when it comes to wielding it.
It's a matter ofworthiness.
He loses the ability to wield it because the hammer no longer sees him as worthy, and it would take until the end ofSecret Warsfor him to get his worthiness back and until the end ofWar of the Realmsto get Mjölnir back.
However, while he is worthy to wield his old weapon, he's not completely so, as Loki notes that he'sactually struggling to lift Mjölnir, something that has never happened before.
Energy Absorption: One of Mjölnir's abilities is that it can absorb and redirect an almost unlimited amount of energy.
He's redirected Hyperion's atomic vision, the Power Cosmic fueled blasts of theSilver Surfer, and the devastating flames of Glory.
The absorbed energy can be redirected with anywhere between 10 to 100 times as much power back at his attackers.
One of the hammer's greatest feats was inThor #407, where Mjölnir managed to contain the galaxy-destroying power of a Null Bomb before using the power to reignite a dying sun.
And inThor, as Herald of Thunder he absorbed all of the Power Cosmic from an upgraded Galactus.
Evil Uncle:Inverted.
As Loki is his adoptive brother, he's the uncle of Hela, Fenris, and Jormungandr,notethoughKieron Gillenwould throw a wrench into the idea that Hela is really Loki's daughterand all three follow in their father's footsteps in antagonizing him.
Eye Scream: Thor sacrifices one of his eyes to Yggdrasil duringWar of the Realms.Much like his arm, Thor also regained it when he became Galactus's herald.
Flaming Sword: Hammer version.
Yes, he can set Mjölnir on fire with an attack known as the "Atomic Flare".
According toThor #351, he does this by spinning his hammer so fast that it sets its atoms ablaze, causing it to "[burn] with the might of a thousand suns".
It even appears to be ablaze when it'sreforged at the end ofWar of the Realms.
Flying Brick: Thor is super strong, incredibly durable, and can fly through the air at incredible speeds thanks to his hammer.
Fun Personified: A common interpretation of his character presents him this way, though he can be much more serious.
Friendly Rivalry: His rivalry with the Hulk has grown into this over the years.
Genius Bruiser: Occasionally he can be insightful and use intelligent strategies and has even outwitted the likes of Loki and Malekith, who pretty much specialize in manipulation.
He also retains all of Donald Blake's medical knowledge even as Thor.
However, despite his intelligence, he prefers hisLeeroy Jenkinstactics.
It's a side effect of growing up in warrior culture as well as being one of the strongest beings out there.
When you're as tough as him, why plan when you can fight?
Glass Cannon: Usually he's aLightning Bruiser, but there have been instances in comics where he became this.At one point, Hela briefly turned him into this.
While he was as strong as usual, he was cursed with brittle bones that wouldn't heal, meaning even throwing a basic punch would shatter his arms.Thor's new hammers provide him with all of the same abilities that Mjölnir did, but they are composed of less-refined Uru than his original weapon and are more prone to breaking if he's not careful.
At one point, Hela briefly turned him into this.
While he was as strong as usual, he was cursed with brittle bones that wouldn't heal, meaning even throwing a basic punch would shatter his arms.
Thor's new hammers provide him with all of the same abilities that Mjölnir did, but they are composed of less-refined Uru than his original weapon and are more prone to breaking if he's not careful.
God in Human Form: He's a Norse deity, but he looks human.
He can also take on the human guise of Donald Blake.
Gods Need Prayer Badly: Averted.
He doesn't need prayer to power his abilities, though some issues depict being prayed to as strengthening his powers.
A lack of prayer does not weaken his "base" power set, but being prayed todoesmake him stronger.
Good Is Dumb: He ranks pretty low in terms of intelligence according to his official Marvel stat sheet.SubvertedinThe Avengerswhen he learns English intwo weeks.
However, his intelligence is usually portrayed as about or slightly above average for a normal person.
He can be a good tactician and show surprising levels of intelligence.
He really only looks slow because he's most often used asDumb Muscle, and is frequently found in close proximity to super-geniusesReed Richards,Tony Stark,Odin, andLoki.It also doesn't help that he'san Asgardian god who has little to no knowledge of Earth subjects, which can sometimes make him seem a bit slow.The actual comics themselves on the other hand have averted this multiple times by showing that Thor has all of Donald Blake's medical knowledge  and having him perform surgery on more than one occasion, making him something of aGenius Bruiser.Thor is often described as having an IQ of 375 and he has shown it often, with his frequently being shown to have a gift for strategy, and oncemanipulatingMalekith the Accursed, aMagnificent Bastardin his own right, in a fashion worthy of Loki.
It appears his intelligence is just a victim of power seep in order to make the likes of Iron Man andDoctor Strangelook better.
Also, unlike his mortal Avenger compatriots, he's simply strong and durable enough that there are very few issues he can't solvesimply by whacking them repeatedly with Mjölnir.
It also doesn't help that he'san Asgardian god who has little to no knowledge of Earth subjects, which can sometimes make him seem a bit slow.
The actual comics themselves on the other hand have averted this multiple times by showing that Thor has all of Donald Blake's medical knowledge  and having him perform surgery on more than one occasion, making him something of aGenius Bruiser.
Thor is often described as having an IQ of 375 and he has shown it often, with his frequently being shown to have a gift for strategy, and oncemanipulatingMalekith the Accursed, aMagnificent Bastardin his own right, in a fashion worthy of Loki.
It appears his intelligence is just a victim of power seep in order to make the likes of Iron Man andDoctor Strangelook better.
Also, unlike his mortal Avenger compatriots, he's simply strong and durable enough that there are very few issues he can't solvesimply by whacking them repeatedly with Mjölnir.
Good Is Not Soft: Thor generally tries to be more merciful to his enemies than one might expect of a viking warrior, but he will occasionally show that he is willing to do terrible things if necessary.On one occasion, Loki kidnapped and threatened a mortal child and went above and beyond in his attempts to kill Thor.
Thor beat the crap out of him and gave him a speech about thinking goodness is weakness only for Loki to murder a nearby human out of spite and then surrender.
Thor finally had enough, and knowing Loki would only return to menace Earth again killed him only for Thor himself to face punishment for killing his brother.
Funnily enough, Loki was trying to goad Thor into killing him as part of a long-term plan.Another time, Loki released a magical plague that made Asgard vulnerable to a frost giant attack along with another attempt on Thor's life.
Thor figured out Loki was behind everything, but not enough to prove it.
He broke Loki's arm as a reminder that Thor's patience has its limits.
On one occasion, Loki kidnapped and threatened a mortal child and went above and beyond in his attempts to kill Thor.
Thor beat the crap out of him and gave him a speech about thinking goodness is weakness only for Loki to murder a nearby human out of spite and then surrender.
Thor finally had enough, and knowing Loki would only return to menace Earth again killed him only for Thor himself to face punishment for killing his brother.
Funnily enough, Loki was trying to goad Thor into killing him as part of a long-term plan.
Another time, Loki released a magical plague that made Asgard vulnerable to a frost giant attack along with another attempt on Thor's life.
Thor figured out Loki was behind everything, but not enough to prove it.
He broke Loki's arm as a reminder that Thor's patience has its limits.
The Good King: According to his alternate future self, he will become the greatest All-Father in the history of Asgard,and also the worst.After he's crowned All-Father following the events ofWar of the Realms, he strives to be this and avoid the mistakes made by his father and future incarnation.
Half-Human Hybrid: In the 2021The AvengersEnter the Phoenixarc, Firehair who's an ancient human mutant/Phoenix avatar tells Thor that she's his actual mother and the Gaea story is a lie .
If she's telling the truth then Thor is part human mutant .Turns out Gaea is still Thor's birth mother, so no human, or mutant DNA - though Thor was killed by Laufey shortly after birth, and Firehair intervened, using Phoenix Fire to 'rebirth' him, with Gaea observing that they're technically both his mother.
It's complicated.
Has a Type: Not countingAmoraor usage of trickery Thor tends to gravitate towards brunettes with attitude.
For Odin'sgreat displeasure when mortalreally.
Headbutting Heroes: Thor generally gets along with everyone due to his penchant for loyalty and love of fun, but there is one hero he frequently butts heads with: The Hulk.
It varies from time to time: Sometimes the two get along just fine, sometimes they are more friendly rivals, but many times its pureTeeth-Clenched Teamwork.
The reasons vary as well,though most of the time it comes from the fact that Thor doesn't care for how volatile Hulk is, and Hulk tends to not like people getting in his way when he sets his mind to something, and since Thor is one of the few heroes who is not afraid to get in his way...
Healing Factor: Complementing his insane durability, on the rare occasion he gets hurt, his healing factor will patch him up.
He's healed from getting impaled as well as having vital organsripped out of his body.
It cannot restore severed limbs though.
Helmets Are Hardly Heroic: This trope tends to be zig-zagged when it comes to him.
His present day self always wears his iconic winged helmet in battle, but before that, his younger self never wore a helmet, likely reflecting his brash arrogance.
During his time as Unworthy Thor, he also went his journeys without his helmet and opted for a hood and cape in its stead.
After gaining a new hammer inMarvel: A Fresh Start, he also returned to wearing his famed helm as well.
Fittingly, he also stops wearing his helmet afterhe becomes Galactus's willing Herald and aWell-Intentioned Extremist.
Heroic Build: He is extremely tall and muscular.
Hijacked by Jesus: Occasionally.
Less extreme examples merely feature Christian themes and subtext alongside the classic Norse inspirations.Egregiouscases feature Thorquoting the gorramNew Testament.
Hijacking Cthulhu: In a comic book annual, Demogorge the God-Eater, an ancient deity whose very purpose is to destroy gods, tries to consume Thor, but the superhero's will is too strong, and not only takes over its body, but he forces it to restore all the deities it had already eaten!
Humanity is Infectious: Given the choice between Asgard and Midgard, Thor stands with Earth and its people every time.
Humanoid Alien: While he's actually a deity , he could easily pass for a regular human, albeit an incredibly tall one.
Humongous-Headed Hammer: Thor's hammer Mjolnir is usually depicted as a metal brick that's at least a foot long and half a foot wide with a short handle.
Hybrid Power: One of the reasons Thor supersedes every other member of his race barring his father is because of his special heritage.
He's the son of the All-father, Odin, who is the most powerful Asgardian overall and the holder of the all powerful Odinforce that he will one day inherit, but he's also either the son of Gaea, the immensely powerful Elder Goddess of Earth, or Firehair, a human mutant and host of the Phoenix.
Let's just say that Thor hit theSuperpower Lotterybig time with genetics like that.Gaea is the mother, but Firehair 'rebirthed' him through Phoenix Fire when Laufey killed him moments after birth.
She's sort of his godmother.
I Am Not Left-Handed: He states that he'll never use more than a fraction of his power when he's on Earth for the sake of avoiding collateral damage.
If he ever decides to stop holding back, his enemies are in for a hard time.
In one instance, he got beat up by Dario Agger, a Minotaur whom Thor states is as strong as the Hulk.
After assessing his opponent's strength, he stops holding back and takes Agger down with a single punch.
I Am X, Son of Y: He has sometimes introduced himself to others as "Thor, son of Odin", or just as "Son of Odin.
I Have Many Names: Given his long life and career as a superhero, he's gone by many names and titles including, but not limited to: Donar, Thunaer, God of Thunder, the Thunderer, Son of Gaea, the Golden Avenger, Donald Blake, Storm-God, Jormungand's Fear, All-Father ,God of the Unworthy, andHerald of Thunder.
Immune to Bullets: Thor can easily shrug off gunfire like it's not even there.
When gunmen were about to shoot down innocent people, he blocked the bullets by just standing in front of them, not even fazed.
Improbable Aiming Skills: Thor once threw Mjolnir around the sun of the planet he stood upon, to strike an enemy about the same size as Thor standing a few feet in front of him.
Back-handed over his shoulder.
Even allowing for Mjolnir's homing enchantment, that's still an amazing shot.
Instant Flight: Just Add Spinning!
: Back in the older comics, Thor would hover by spinning his hammer overhead like a helicopter.
Nowadays, he doesn't spin his hammer to achieve flight, but it is useful for building up momentum to increase his flight speed.
In the Hood: After he became unworthy of Mjölnir, he added a hood to his cape.
It Is Not Your Time: Just before his resurrection post-Final Ragnarok, his human incarnation, Donald Blake, tells him that his time is not over yet.
Large Ham:Is.
He.
Ever.
While many of Marvel's characters have gotten more serious and grounded throughout the years, Thor still speaks like he's straight out of a 1960's comic, full of bombast and theatrics.
Though this has slackened off somewhat in theGod of Thunderrun.
He can still pull out the thunder and the bombast , but largely, this is a more thoughtful, more introspective Thor.
Last-Name Basis: After he became unworthy, he passed his name on to Jane Foster and only went by his last name, "The Odinson", due to feeling that he did not deserve his name until he became worthy again.
Last of His Kind: In the far future, when Gorr the God Butcher slaughtered all other gods, Thor became the last god in the universe.
Though this becomessubvertedsince Loki is still around, his granddaughters are also goddesses, and theymanage to resurrect the Skylords of Indigarr.
The Leader: He was this for the League of Realms, as appointed by the Congress of Worlds.
Leeroy Jenkins: A problem with being more powerful than most other beings is Thor often charges into battle, hammer swinging, without considering his opponents strengths or coming up with a plan.
Usually, this isn't a problem thanks to his raw power, but it has come back to bite him a few times over the years.
Lightning Bruiser: Aside from the obvious pun, Thor is considered a top-tier character in multiple areas, including physical strength, toughness, speed, flight, and energy powers/ranged attacks.
Put them all together and there's almost no heroorvillain who can last a single round with him .
Lightning Can Do Anything: The utility of Thor's lightning needs to be seen to be believed.
Besides deep frying or knocking his enemies out, he's also used it to seal holes in the ground and at one point essentiallyglue a moon back together.
Literal-Minded: Being an Asgardian with little knowledge on Earth customs, he can take things at face value at times.
In the 2007 series, he was told by Oklahoma police officers that he couldn't put Asgard on the ground there since it was private property.
Thor responds by lifting all of Asgard and making it float.Thor: It is no longer on the ground.
Living Weapon: His iconic hammer, Mjölnir, is not your average Uru weapon.
Not even Odin can fully control it, and Thor fully acknowledges that Mjölnir is as sentient as he is.
Long-Lived: He's an Asgardian god who's already a few thousand years old.
As his future version shows, he will continue to live for many millennia beyond even that.
Luke, I Am Your Father: Thor gets this inThe Avengers "Enter the Phoenix" arc.
The mutantcavewoman/Phoenix Force avatar, Firehair tells Thor that Odin hid the truth and she's his real mother.This turns out to beMetaphorically True.
Firehair convinced Gaea to accept Odin's courtship after she herself rejected Odin's marriage, and later 'rebirthed' Thor through her Phoenix fire when Laufey killed him instants after he was born - and, apparently, got attached.
Gaea herself said that Firehair is just as much the mother as she is, and she could be seen as his godmother.
Magic Knight: An interesting example, in that he doesn't really cast spells and knows little of actual magic, but his weather manipulation is a functional form of magic, in tandem with his warrior ways.
Mama's Baby, Papa's Maybe: Inverted.
There's never been doubt on Odin being his father, but it was after the gods fought the Celestials with the Destroyer and Odinsword, that Gaea was established at his mother.
And in 2021, his maternal parentage is called into question again with the "Enter the Phoenix" arc.Gaea is Thor's biological mother, but Firehair was the one who convinced her give Odin the chance, and sort of 'rebirthed' Thor in Phoenix fire after he was killed instants after birth - Gaea considers them both his mother, and she could be seen as his godmother.
Manly Facial Hair: Thor has sometimes sported a manly beard.
In theWalt Simonsonrun, he grew a beardbecausehe was a badass.
After fighting withHela, the goddess of death, her touch disfigured him, so he grew the beard to cover it.
During Dan Jurgens run, Odin died and Thor ended up gaining the Odin Force, which caused him to not only gain an increase in power, but a beard as well.
Many future versions of Thor also have him wielding a mighty beard.
The current Thor of the Marvel Universe as ofMarvel: A Fresh Starthas a beard.
Man of Kryptonite: He's this to Max Dillon/Electro.
Thor can manipulate and is completely immune to being harmed by electricity while Max is a being made of electricity.
When they fought, Thor easily absorbed him into Mjölnir and blasted him into the sky, humiliating the electric supervillain.
Mayfly–December Romance: All of his human love interests are this to him, since he's an immortal Asgardian God.
Mercury's Wings: His iconic helmet features a pair of wings.
Messianic Archetype: Notquiteto the point of actually being the Messiah, butDepending on the Writercan come across asJesus WITH A HAMMER!sometimes.It should also be noted that this can occasionally beawesome.
My Future Self and Me: InGod of ThunderandWar of the Realms, he has teamed up with and interacted with his future-self to stop threats like Gorr and Maliketh.
He's even fought alongside his past-self in these same instances.
My Species Doth Protest Too Much: InThe Unworthy Thor, he admits thatthis is how he lost Mjölnir.
He no longer feels thatanyof the gods, himself included, are worth the praise mortals heap on them.
New Powers as the Plot Demands: In the past, he went through someEarly-Installment Weirdnessin which he just developed new powers on the fly, ranging from ventriloquism to outrighttime travel.
Over the years, this was toned down and Thor's power-set became his definedFlying Brickpowers,Shock and Awe, andWeather Manipulation.
Nice Guy: He's always been this, fundamentally, even if he sometimes comes across a bit aloof and temperamental, but in recent years, he's become Superman'sAlternate Company Equivalentin more than just the power stakes, showing the sort of gentle wisdom and kindness that you'd expect from Superman.
Thor spends his free time bringing food to starving nations, preparing last meals for sympathetic death row victims, regaling mountain-exiled monks with tales of adventures, and guiding the younger mortals around him with gentle wisdom when he can.
Nigh-Invulnerability: Both he and his weapon have this.Not to an insane degree, but as aPhysical God, very few things or beings can actually harm Thor.
He has shown immunity to bullets and firearms, and survived everything from planet busters, flying through stars, getting crushed by the weight of twenty planets, absolute zero temperatures, and more.His main weapon, Mjölnir, is comprised of Uru and is nearly indestructible as a result.
Emphasis onnearly, as it has been destroyed in the past, usually by cosmically powerful beings like Celestials and Bor, his grandfather.
Not to an insane degree, but as aPhysical God, very few things or beings can actually harm Thor.
He has shown immunity to bullets and firearms, and survived everything from planet busters, flying through stars, getting crushed by the weight of twenty planets, absolute zero temperatures, and more.
His main weapon, Mjölnir, is comprised of Uru and is nearly indestructible as a result.
Emphasis onnearly, as it has been destroyed in the past, usually by cosmically powerful beings like Celestials and Bor, his grandfather.
No Indoor Voice: It's an Asgardian thing.
While he is more subdued compared to the rest of his race, he still ends up being the biggestLarge Hamon whatever Avengers team he winds up on.
Non-Human Humanoid Hybrid: Possibly.
Part of why Thor is so much stronger than any other Asgardian is because he's half-Asgardian on his father's side, but he's also half-Elder God from his mother, Gaea's, side.
Though since Odin is also half-Frost Giant from his mother's side, this makes Thor 1/4 Asgardian, 1/4 Frost Giant, and 1/2 Elder God.
However, the 'Enter the Phoenix' arc of Aaron'sAvengerssuggests that his mother might actually be Firehair, a human mutant and the first Phoenix host.Technically, both are true: Gaea gave birth to him, but when he was killed moments after birth by Laufey, Firehair 'rebirthed' him via Phoenix fire.
Per Gaea, both are his mother.
Not Brainwashed: In issue #3 ofThor , Beta Ray Bill believes Thor to be under Galactus's control afterhe becomes the Herald of Thunder.
It turns out that Thor isn't brainwashed and is helping Galactus of his own free will, even reverting back to his original self to prove it.
Not Quite Flight: Thor's method of flight involves holding onto Mjölnir after throwing it and traveling on the momentum of his throwing strength.
Of course, since the hammer is magic and can fly around unaided, he doesn't even need to throw it to let it take him places.
However, he has sometimes been depicted flying without it, but reasons tend to vary on whether or not he's channeling his hammer's power to let him levitate or if he's taking a page out ofStorm's book and manipulating the wind to stay aloft.
Omniglot: Thanks to a standard Asgardian ability, called the All-Speak, Thor can speak every language in the known universe.
English, old Norse, Japanese, various alien languages, and even frog-speak.
One-Man Army: When Thor takes the restraints off, he can single-handedly destroy entire armies of modern-tech humans, superhumans or mythological creatures like trolls and giants.
He once fought an army encompassing thousands of powerful warriors for two years without tiring out.
Paradox Person: He has interacted with his past and future selves and even argued with them.
They've existed in the same point in the timeline and yet, despite Young!Thor interacting and disliking how his future selves turn out, none of them are affected by this.
However, it is noted that if Thor's younger self dies, then the others will also fade from existence as well.
Person of Mass Destruction: When he cuts loose, he can easily annihilate entire planets.When he arm wrestledHercules, they generated enough force to not onlydevastate the planet they were on, but throw the thing out of orbit.
The kicker was that neither was winded even after doing this.In his fight with Gorr the God Butcher, he destroyed large moons by complete accident.
It's worth noting that he was nowhere near said moons when he destroyed them.
Theforce of his attacks was enough!Old King Thor gets to show just how destructive he can be when he fights the likes of Galactus, Lokithe All-Butcher, and the returning Gorr.
His fight with the Devourer of Worlds destroyed Earth's moon as they went toe-to-toe with each other, his fight with Loki devastated Asgard, and his battle againstGorrhad him using Mjölnir to throwstarsat his opponent.
When he arm wrestledHercules, they generated enough force to not onlydevastate the planet they were on, but throw the thing out of orbit.
The kicker was that neither was winded even after doing this.
In his fight with Gorr the God Butcher, he destroyed large moons by complete accident.
It's worth noting that he was nowhere near said moons when he destroyed them.
Theforce of his attacks was enough!
Old King Thor gets to show just how destructive he can be when he fights the likes of Galactus, Lokithe All-Butcher, and the returning Gorr.
His fight with the Devourer of Worlds destroyed Earth's moon as they went toe-to-toe with each other, his fight with Loki devastated Asgard, and his battle againstGorrhad him using Mjölnir to throwstarsat his opponent.
Physical God: Sometimes depicted as an advanced alien, sometimes depicted as a literal physical God.
It varies by the writer.
What doesn't vary is that he'salwaysmore than powerful enough to qualify for this trope.
Stories within Jason Aaron's run on the character lean more strictly into him being a genuine Norse deity.
Playing with Fire:The Avengersreveals that Thor has cosmic fire powers stemming from him being the son of the Phoenix.The actual reason is because while Gaea is the true birth mother, Laufey killed the new born Thor in mere moments after his birth.
To save the newborn Thor, Firehair used the power of Phoenix Force to "rebirth" the child and got attached, which is why the Phoenix shows a certain interest in him.
Pop Cultural Osmosis: Say "Thor" to most people, and they'll picture this version instead of theoriginal.
Power Glows: When Thor became a Herald of Galactus, the Mjölnir was constantly glowing blue.
From then on, the Mjölnir has that same glow when Thor needs to crank up the power.
Precision-Guided Boomerang: Mjölnir is enchanted to return to it's user regardless of how many targets it strikes.
This is justified by the hammer explicitly being magical in nature.
Proud Warrior Race Guy: Less so than most traditional Asgardians, but still the most prominent of the Avengers.
Really Gets Around: Ifhis list of love interestsweren't enough to convince you, his narration in the Viking Era portion of the God Butcher storyline states that he slept with half of the women in the Scandinavian village he was occupying at the time.
Really 700 Years Old: He's a several thousand year old Asgardian, and has even fought alongside other vikings in 893 AD during his youth.
Rejecting the Inheritance: AfterWar of the Realms, he initially rejectsthe throne of Asgard and the title of All-Father when Odin bestows it to him.
After some time to think, he ultimately accepts, but refuses to let anyone call himAll-Fatheruntil they succeed in restoring Asgard and bringing the gods back home.
Required Secondary Powers: There's no way Thor would be able to throw himself along with his hammer unless he was durable enough to do so without ripping his arm out of its socket.
Thankfully, he's got durability in spades, so he can do just that.
Thanks to the worthiness enchantment on Mjölnir, anyone who wields it instantly gains all of Thor's powers, including strength and durability, so this isn't an issue for them either.
Royal Harem: In Jason Aaron's continuity, Thor  kept a harem of concubines to serve him.
Royals Who Actually Do Something: He may be the Prince of Asgard, but he's an Avenger first and foremost.
Semi-Divine: He actually takes this even further than most by being half-Asgardian on his father's side and half-Elder God on his mother's side.
Sentient Cosmic Force: Eons ago, Odin battled one known as the Godstorm.
Successfully defeating it, he placed it in the Mjölnir.
Its presence in the hammer is what causes the Mjölnir to evolve over time and makes it much more powerful than any other uru weapon.
Shock and Awe: As God of Thunder he can control and generate lightning and thunder.
Sibling Yin-Yang: With Loki, in every meaningful way.
Sleeves Are for Wimps: His classic, unworthy, and Marvel Now costumes.
Spin to Deflect Stuff: He typically spins Mjölnir like a helicopter to deflect certain projectile attacks.
Stealth Mentor: To Jean Grey, of all people - specifically, Teen Jean, who comes to him looking for help fighting off the Phoenix.
Unfortunately for her, he appears to be completelyhammeredin an isolated tavern, and entirely unaware of the incoming army of orcs and monsters, instead rambling on about stories from the good old days.
Then as soon as they burst through the door, he instantly sobers up, takes his axe and cuts them into mince.
It also turns out that those stories had a relevant point, helping Jean considerably.
Strong and Skilled: Not only is he one of the strongest heroes in the Marvel Universe, he's also one of the most skilled, having mastered multiple forms of combat over the centuries of his life.
Strong as They Need to Be: His strength and power tend to fluctuate up and down like a yo-yo depending on the story.
Sometimes it takes super-beings such as the Hulk, Silver Surfer, or Gorr to threaten him.
Other times he can be challenged and bested by more human-level threats.
Granted, it is frequently stated that he'sWillfully Weakso as not to threaten the world, and when he stops holding back he has been shown causing mass destruction, so there is justification for this.
Strong Family Resemblance: As he gets older, he takes more and more after his father.
As seen with his future self, he practically becomes the spitting image of Odin, minus the gold armor.
By the end ofWar of the Realms, he now wears an eye-patch over his now gone left eye, increasing his resemblance to his father .
Super-Empowering: He's subjected to this in the beginning of the 2020 series, where Galactusgives him the Power Cosmic and makes him the "Herald of Thunder" to combat the Black Winter.
Superhero Gods: He's one of the most defining examples in comics.
For Marvel comics, he's pretty muchthedefinitive example of this trope.
Super Mode: His "Warrior's Madness" state amps his already insane strengthtenfold.
The drawback is that he loses all sense of reason and can't discern friend from foe.
Superpower Lottery: Arguably Marvel's champion of this trope.
He has a wide assortment of powers such asSuper-Strength,Super-Speed,Nigh-Invulnerability,Flight,Shock and Awe, andWeather Manipulation, all of which are to such an immense degree that it makes him one of the strongest heroes in the Marvel Universe.
Super-Speed: Described by Hela to be as fast as the lightning he commands, and his top speed is labeled as Mach 32.
With Mjölnir, he can fly at several times the speed of light with ease.
He can easily react toQuicksilverand has boasted that he's tagged faster opponents.
Super-Strength: Thor's strength is immense, and the super-beings who can match him can be counted on the fingers of one hand .
He's used a fishing rod to lift the World Serpent, held together a moon and used his lightning to mend it back together, and resisted the gravity of a neutron star.
InAvengersVol.
He has proven equal to Hercules in pure physical might, and he onceheadbuttedtheSilver Surferhard enough todent the Surfer's skull.
Keep in mind, the Silver Surfer is a character whose strategy against theHulkwas "let him punch me to no effect until he gets bored", whichworked.
Teeth-Clenched Teamwork: In his 2020 series, Thoris made Galactus' newest heraldso he can help him stop the Black Winter, a horrific star plague that destroyed the Galactus of the Fifth Multiverse, or more specifically his original self, Galan of Taa.
Galactus needs to eat five worlds that will empower him enough to fight the Black Winter.
One of those worlds, Clypse, was inhabited, which led to Thor beating Galactus down until he let him evacuate the planet with the Bifrost.
Even then, he devours an inhabited world due to lack of time, and Thor makes it very clear to the Devourer of Worlds that he will make him answer for his crimes when they complete their mission.
Time Abyss: Downplayed in that he's certainly not an elder of the universe or eons old like the Skyfathers, but he's well over a few thousand in his years.
He's fought Apocalypse in 1013 A.D. His future self, Old King Thor, goes on to live for countless millennia, to the point where he's described as being far older than any god to have ever lived.
Considering how old deities can be in Marvel's cosmology of gods, that speaks volumes.
Thou Shalt Not Kill: Generally played straight while in the Earthly realms, although Thor can and will kill enemies who piss him off enough.
Blockbuster, a member of Mister Sinister's Marauders and an enemy of theX-Men, learned this the hard way.
In contrast, when in Asgard and the other 'mythical' realms, he ismuchmore willing to use lethal force, since demons, monstrous creatures, and ancient, eldritch horrors are not suitable candidates for a benevolent prison system.
Throwing Your Sword Always Works: Thor's primary tactic in a fight is to throw Mjölnir at his foes.
It generally always does given the sheer power behind it alongside the throw-and-return function it possesses.
Thunder Hammer: Mjölnir is theTrope Maker.
As expected, it grants Thor the power of thunder and lightning.
Token Non-Human: In modern teams, there's usually plenty of Mutants, Inhumans and Aliens, but a lot of classic line-ups featured Thor as the sole non-human Avenger.
Took a Level in Badass: Anytime he gains the Odin-Force, he's subject to this trope.
After the events ofWar of the Realms, he once again becomesAll-Father and gains all the power that comes with it.
This later gets furthered when Galactus grants him access tothe Power Cosmic.
To show this, he and Beta Ray Bill were once equal to each other, but Thor becomes so strong that he can simply backhand him without effort.
To really put this into perspective, he not only effortlessly de-powers Galactus, but straight upkillshim and uses his corpse to nuke theBlack Winter.
Took a Level in Jerkass: His interaction with various other characters  have been explosively brutal, beat-down-with-intent-to-kill jerkishness post-Original SinandAxis.
Not that it'swithoutjustification, and the intent to kill is largely limited to Loki, butstill...
He gets over it.
Trauma Conga Line: AfterOriginal Sin.
Thor loses the ability to use Mjölnir and shames himself in front of the All-Father and all of Asgard, insists he doesn't need it and rushes off to battle only to lose his arm, which a Frost Giant keeps as a trophy , and then discovers that the hammer has found a new host.
Then, right after, he discovers that his beloved brother he's finally repaired his relationship with wasn't actually the Kid!Loki he thought, and had actually killed Kid!Loki, causing him to vow to bring Loki to justice again and ruining their relationship again.
After the time skip,he finally becomes worthy of wielding Mjölnir again... which ultimately causes him to lose the Hammer ofThorrduring his and Hyperion's last stand against the Beyonders, allowing him to die as himself beforeSecret Wars.
Thor's had a rough go of it in the modern Marvel Universe.
Walking Shirtless Scene: He spends more than half ofThe Unworthy Thorcompletely bare-chested while searching for the Ultimate universe version of Mjölnir.
Warrior Prince: He's the crown prince of the warrior culture of Asgard.
Wave-Motion Gun: He can use not one, butthreedifferent variations:His most powerful technique with Mjölnir, the God Blast, is an overwhelming beam of energy that has the power to kill immortal beings.
It's caused a starving Galactus to flee for his life and shatter the brain-case of the Celestial Exitar, though not without destroying Mjölnir.He can also use his hammer to create the incredibly powerful Anti-Force blast, which proved so powerful that it seemingly killed Mangog.Another of these is the Thermo-blast.
Unlike the God Blast, this one channels energy from Mjölnir rather than channeling his own life force through the hammer.
It is immensely powerful, having been described as universe shaking, and can humble the likes of Ego the Living Planet.
His most powerful technique with Mjölnir, the God Blast, is an overwhelming beam of energy that has the power to kill immortal beings.
It's caused a starving Galactus to flee for his life and shatter the brain-case of the Celestial Exitar, though not without destroying Mjölnir.
He can also use his hammer to create the incredibly powerful Anti-Force blast, which proved so powerful that it seemingly killed Mangog.
Another of these is the Thermo-blast.
Unlike the God Blast, this one channels energy from Mjölnir rather than channeling his own life force through the hammer.
It is immensely powerful, having been described as universe shaking, and can humble the likes of Ego the Living Planet.
Weak, but Skilled: Whenever he's pitted against foes of greater strength , he becomes this.
It's usually with enemies that he can't outright overpower that he has to think his way out of the problem or rely on superior fighting skills.
Weather Manipulation: There are several super-powered individuals on Earth who can influence the weather, but Thor's power surpasses them all — because, hey: heistheGod of Thunder.
He was even theTrope Namerback when this trope was originally called "Power of the Storm.
All the power of the storm, from all the world, flows through my veins, and can be summoned by mine hammer at any time, wherever it is.
A lightning storm in Japan?
Mine.
A hurricane off the coast of Barbados?
Mine again.
A brace of tornadoes in Kansas?
Aye... mine.
All that might, all that destructive force, mine to command.
Channeled and guided through the mystic might of this hammer, guided right at thee!
Well Done, Son" Guy: Occasionally displays elements of this in regards to his father, Odin, especially when Odin is invoking hisOmniscient Morality License.
When All You Have Is a Hammer…: If Thor is confronted with a problem, his response is generally to throw his hammer at it.
If things getreallytough, he'll whip out his weather powers.
To be fair, Thor is anexpert in the art of magic hammer throwing.
Who Wants to Live Forever?
: Thor has occasionally been distressed that he will have to watch all his friends and comrades on Earth die eventually.
Willfully Weak: Thor often intentionally holds himself back when he's fighting on Earth.
Part of this is due to his not wanting to kill his enemies or make his friends feel weak , but part of it is also likely due to the fact that he's often fighting in urban areas with lots of innocent bystanders.
If he unleashed his full power, he could cause a lot of unnecessary collateral damage — especially as this is someone who hasshattered planets with the shock-wave of his blows.An example of Thor pointing out how powerful he is, in a way most people fail to consider — when the US government  attempted to intimidate him, Thor informed them that, if pressed, he could and would create a Category 5+ hurricane over Washington D.C.... and thenholdit there for weeks or months, till the entire city was simply washed away.
And there would be nothing anyone could do to stop it.
Stark backed down.Hastily.
An example of Thor pointing out how powerful he is, in a way most people fail to consider — when the US government  attempted to intimidate him, Thor informed them that, if pressed, he could and would create a Category 5+ hurricane over Washington D.C.... and thenholdit there for weeks or months, till the entire city was simply washed away.
And there would be nothing anyone could do to stop it.
Stark backed down.Hastily.
The Worf Effect: He's been hit with this from time to time to show that the threat level of the new villain is extremely high.
To be fair, the enemies in his rogues gallery tend to be within the Cosmic tier of power and hefrequently tends to hold backso as not to cause untold destruction to wherever he is.
Even still, enemies likeUltronor Thanos raise the stakes, as they are among the beings that not even he can overpower regardless of whether or not he's holding back.
Worf Had the Flu: He spends weeks trying to lift Mjölnir after he became unworthy, not eating or sleeping.
He only stops because he overhears the Frost Giants are attacking Midgard.
He goes to the armory, gets his old axe and flies off to battle.
It goes a lotworsethan anyone expected.
World's Best Warrior: Thor is considered the absolute best warrior in all of Asgard.
World's Strongest Man: He's among the strongest warriors in the Marvel Universe and one of the most physically powerful on the side of good.
He's also considered to be the strongest Asgardian there is, as befits his title as the Asgardian god of strength.
Usually, the only other hero that can outright surpass him in a contest of raw might is the Incredible Hulk.
He really starts to become this in his 2020 storyline, where he becomes so powerful that he can effortlessly smack Beta Ray Bill like a rag-doll and just as easily overwhelmGalactus.
Would Hit a Girl: Thor rarely shies away from hitting whoever needs to be hit, regardless of their gender, though itisrare for him to use excessive or deadly force against someone unless it is required.
For example, while hedidangrily threaten Amora  #17), after discovering that she has created a monstrous version of Skurge, her former lover and minion by using the decapitated body of Donald Blake as raw material, Thor was furious, even going to far as to say he was going to "beat her face in", but he ultimately did no such thing.
Instead, he managed to collapse the room in which he and the Skurge-golem were battling, which rendered both the creature and Amora unconscious.
He then proceeded to cast them both into a magical vortex/portal, leaving the Enchantress defeated and temporarily banished, but with her face intact.
Wrecked Weapon: Happens with some of the weapons he wields over the years.Mjölnir is made of Uru, an immensely-durable metal  with magical properties, it's a masterwork item, crafted by the finest weapon-smiths in the Nine Worlds, its enchantments carry the full power of the Odin-Force... and even with all this, the hammer isnotindestructible, having been damaged or destroyed multiple times.
Entirely justified, since Thor tends to battle beings that are powerful beyond the wildest imaginings of most Earthbound heroes.His new hammers that would replace Mjölnir inMarvel: A Fresh Startwould often shatter or break, as they are made from less refined Uru and break easier than Mjölnir ever would.
Mjölnir is made of Uru, an immensely-durable metal  with magical properties, it's a masterwork item, crafted by the finest weapon-smiths in the Nine Worlds, its enchantments carry the full power of the Odin-Force... and even with all this, the hammer isnotindestructible, having been damaged or destroyed multiple times.
Entirely justified, since Thor tends to battle beings that are powerful beyond the wildest imaginings of most Earthbound heroes.
His new hammers that would replace Mjölnir inMarvel: A Fresh Startwould often shatter or break, as they are made from less refined Uru and break easier than Mjölnir ever would.
Marvel Comics: Thanos
Characters/Marvel vs. Capcom
She-Hulk
Marvel Comics: Thanos
Characters/Marvel Universe
Marvel Comics: Tony Stark
Marvel Comics: Asgardians
Characters/The Mighty Thor
Marvel Comics: The Enchantress
Mighty No.
9
Administrivia/Pages Needing Transparent Images
Momoiro Clover Z
Marvel Comics: Tony Stark
Characters/Avengers: Title Team
Ant-Man: Heroes
Show Spoilers
Night Vision
Sticky Header
Wide Load
IndexesGenreAction AdventureComedyCommercialsCrime & PunishmentDramaHorrorLoveNewsProfessional WrestlingSpeculative FictionSports StoryWarMediaAll MediaAnimation AnimeComic BookFan FicsFilmGameLiteratureMusic And Sound EffectsNew MediaPrint MediaRadioSequential ArtTabletop GamesTelevisionTheaterVideogameWebcomicsNarrativeUniversalApplied PhlebotinumCharacterizationCharactersCharacters As DeviceDialogueMotifsNarrative DevicesParatextPlotsSettingsSpectacleOther CategoriesBritish TellyThe ContributorsCreator SpeakCreatorsDerivative WorksLanguageLaws And FormulasShow BusinessSplit PersonalityStock RoomTropeTropesTruth And LiesTruth In TelevisionTopical TropesBetrayalCensorshipCombatDeathFamilyFate And ProphecyFoodHolidayMemoryMoneyMoralityPoliticsReligionSchool
GenreAction AdventureComedyCommercialsCrime & PunishmentDramaHorrorLoveNewsProfessional WrestlingSpeculative FictionSports StoryWar
Action Adventure
Comedy
Commercials
Crime & Punishment
Drama
Horror
Love
News
Professional Wrestling
Speculative Fiction
Sports Story
War
MediaAll MediaAnimation AnimeComic BookFan FicsFilmGameLiteratureMusic And Sound EffectsNew MediaPrint MediaRadioSequential ArtTabletop GamesTelevisionTheaterVideogameWebcomics
All Media
Animation 
Anime
Comic Book
Fan Fics
Film
Game
Literature
Music And Sound Effects
New Media
Print Media
Radio
Sequential Art
Tabletop Games
Television
Theater
Videogame
Webcomics
NarrativeUniversalApplied PhlebotinumCharacterizationCharactersCharacters As DeviceDialogueMotifsNarrative DevicesParatextPlotsSettingsSpectacle
Universal
Applied Phlebotinum
Characterization
Characters
Characters As Device
Dialogue
Motifs
Narrative Devices
Paratext
Plots
Settings
Spectacle
Other CategoriesBritish TellyThe ContributorsCreator SpeakCreatorsDerivative WorksLanguageLaws And FormulasShow BusinessSplit PersonalityStock RoomTropeTropesTruth And LiesTruth In Television
British Telly
The Contributors
Creator Speak
Creators
Derivative Works
Language
Laws And Formulas
Show Business
Split Personality
Stock Room
Trope
Tropes
Truth And Lies
Truth In Television
Topical TropesBetrayalCensorshipCombatDeathFamilyFate And ProphecyFoodHolidayMemoryMoneyMoralityPoliticsReligionSchool
Betrayal
Censorship
Combat
Death
Family
Fate And Prophecy
Food
Holiday
Memory
Money
Morality
Politics
Religion
School
ToolsWiki ToolsCut ListImage FixerNew EditsNew ArticlesEdit ReasonsIsolated PagesLaunchesImages ListRecent VideosCrowner ActivityUn-typed PagesRecent Page Type Changes
Wiki Tools
Cut List
Image Fixer
New Edits
New Articles
Edit Reasons
Isolated Pages
Launches
Images List
Recent Videos
Crowner Activity
Un-typed Pages
Recent Page Type Changes
TemplatesTrope EntryWorksCharacter SheetPlaying WithFandom
Trope Entry
Works
Character Sheet
Playing With
Fandom
TipsCreating New RedirectsCross WickingTips for EditingText Formatting RulesGlossaryEdit ReasonsHandling SpoilersWord CruftAdministriviaFAQ
Creating New Redirects
Cross Wicking
Tips for Editing
Text Formatting Rules
Glossary
Edit Reasons
Handling Spoilers
Word Cruft
Administrivia
FAQ
Changelog
Report Bug
Trope Repair Shop
Image Pickin'
TVTropes
About TVTropes
TVTropes Goals
Troping Code
TVTropes Customs
Tropes of Legend
Go Ad-Free
Community
Ask The Tropers
Trope Launch Pad
Trope Finder
Media Finder
Tech Wishlist
Reviews
Forum
Tropes HQ
About Us
Contact Us
Report Bug
Changelog
DMCA Notice
Privacy Policy
Follow TV Tropes
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Characters/MarvelComicsThorOdinson
Go To
Thor Odinson
Notable Aliases:The Mighty Thor, The God of Thunder, The Thunderer,Goldilocks, Siegmund, Siegfried, Dr. Donald Blake, Jake Olson, Sigurd Jarlson, Eric Masterson, The Odinson, God of the Unworthy, Herald of ThunderFirst Appearance:Journey into Mystery#83 Team Affiliations:Asgardians,The Avengers,Heralds of Galactus,Hydra's Avengers, Thor Corps, Warriors Three,New Avengers,Avengers Unity Division,Axis Avengers,Avengers , Avengers of 1,000 AD,League of Realms, God Squad, Queen's Vengeance, Godpack, The First Line
Thor Odinson is the All-father of Asgard, the God of Thunder, offspring of All-Father Odin & the Elder Earth-Goddess Gaea.
Combining the powers of both realms makes him an elder-god hybrid and a being of limitless potential.
Armed with his enchanted Uru hammer Mjolnir which helps him to channel his godly energies.
The mightiest and the most beloved warrior in all of Asgard, a staunch ally for good and one of the most powerful beings in the multiverse/omniverse.
Thor has grown fond of humanity during his years on Earth, and considers it his duty to protect Midgard, becoming a founding member of the Avengers in the process.
Thor provides examples of:
open/close all folders
#-F10-Minute Retirement: When the hammer passed to Thunderstrike.
Averted when the hammer passed tothe female Thor, where he retained membership onThe Avengers, only changing his codename toOdinson.Abusive Parents: In modern stories, Odin has generally been depicted as a well-meaning parent who was nonetheless a"Well Done, Son" Guyand a victim of this in his own right courtesy of Bor .
This means that he's at least emotionally abusive even to Thor, nominally his favourite child .
Thor is profoundly embittered by it, and the two have gone at it hard in the past, with the thing that most shocks all three  Thors at the end ofWar of the Realmsbeing that Odin has grabbed them in a bearhug and told themthat he's proud of them.
It's hilarious and profoundly depressing.The Ace: By Asgardian standards, Thor is practically the perfect warrior.
He's the strongest and most accomplished member of his race with centuries of battle experience, one of the biggest winners of theSuperpower Lotteryin theMarvel Universe, the beloved son of Odin and heir to the throne, a founder of the Avengers, and one of the most respected heroes of Earth.
As seen in theGod of Thunderrun, races who worship other pantheons pray to him for aid, and often, he answers.Achilles' Heel: In the past, he would revert back to the human guise of Donald Blake if he were ever separated from Mjölnir for any more than sixty seconds.
These days, this is no longer an issue, giving Thor no glaring weaknesses beyondholding back to the point of detrimentandrecklessness.Adaptation Dye-Job: In some of the original myths, Thor is aFiery Redhead, something the lesser-knownDC Comicsversion of the character reflects.
This isjustifiedby the cyclic nature of Ragnarok in the Marvel Universe: each time Thor is reborn, minor details are changed.
The Thor of previous Ragnarok cycle did have red hair, but the Thor we know is blonde.Adaptation Personality Change: Marvel's Thor is much more classically noble, polite and inspiring than the Thor in myths.
While mythological Thor was indeed a loyal protector of mankind, he was also a hot-temperedBlood Knightwith a notorious appetite who several times had to be talked down out of his fury, such as when he would have broken all of Loki's bones after the latter cut off Sif's hair had Loki not sworn to ask the dwarves for a replacement and when he would straightway have cracked the skull of the giantess Hyrrokkin when she pushed Baldr's enormous funerary ship hard enough to shake the ground if the other gods hadn't stopped him.
This is occasionally adressed in stories set in Thor's younger days, in which he is portrayed as more impulsive and reckless.Adaptational Superpower Change: Thor can use Mjölnir to channel several abilities his mythological counterpart lacked.
For instance, in the comics, Thor can fly by hurling his hammer in the air and holding onto its strap.
InNorse Mythology, however, Mjölnir didn't have such power, and Thor relied on his goat-drawn chariot to travel long distances.
In fact, in some situations, such as in the "Hárbarðsjlóð", he couldn't pass through bodies of water by himself, something which he wouldn't have trouble with could he go over them.
The opposite is true as well, as in theProse Edda, Brokk tells Thor the hammer would take no scathe no matter how hard he used it and it wouldn't lose its target when thrown, whereas in Marvel Comics, Mjölnir has been damaged multiple times  and it hasn't been stated to never miss.The Alcoholic: Not quite to the same degree asTony Stark, but he does love his mead and ale.
His younger self was far more of a drinker than his future versions.
He starts drinking far more after he loses his hammer, but sobers up again.
Mostly.Alternate Company Equivalent:Manycomic fans see him as one toDC Comics'Superman, due to both having red capes, both being very close to each other in terms of power scaling, both coming from other worlds, both being seen as gods , and both beingnice guysto a fault.Alternate Timeline: In Galactus and Thor's encounter with the Black Winter, the Black Winter tells Thor that his fate to become the one-eyed, one-armed King Thor is broken.
So that old Thor is going to be an alternate timeline.
His new fate inThorwill be to eventually die at Thanos's hand and have the Mad Titan take the Mjölnir as a vessel for the Infinity Stones.Amazon Chaser: ThorHas a Typethat can be summed up in two words:Action Girls.
Courage and strength of will seem to bethethings that he looks for in prospectiveLove Interests, and whilst strength or fighting skills aren't necessary, they definitely don't hurt.
Thor's list of lovers includes:Sif, a badass Asgardian warrior-woman, was long portrayed as Thor's main potential love interest.
For added measure, it was shown that he was instantly smitten with her when he saw her battling a monster, and he even outright stated that her strength and bravery are why he is attracted to her.Whilst Jane Foster is not a straight-up warrior, it has been established that her courage and drive to help in even the worst dangers are part of the reasons why Thor is  attracted to her.And then there was the time she gained Thor's powers by replacing him as the wielder of Mjölnir...Whilst Thor would bed many mortal women as a youth, his first true love was the Norse warrior-woman called Erika the Red.Whilst hiscomplicatedrelationship withThe Enchantressseems to subvert this, one has to remember that she's only aSquishy WizardbyAsgardianstandards.
To humans, she's abullet-proof monsterwiththe ability to lift between 25-30 tons, meaning she doesn't need magic to absolutelywreck some shitif she feels like it.
Not to mention there was that one  timeline where they were married in "Thor: The Reigning".Roz Solomon is an agent ofS.H.I.E.L.D.
, and thus a fully licensed and trained secret agent with skills in espionage, counter-terrorism and martial arts, who becomes known as "Troll-Slayer".In the 2019 run ofThe Avengers, Thor started a tentative relationship withShe-Hulk.
This one is extra amusing if one remembers that, in the myths, Thor had a son with super-godly strength named Magni from a relationship with a giantess.Thor has been seen making out with Namora in one comic.Whilst it hasn't happened in the main continuity, Thor andStormhas shown up in several extra-canon Marvel stories.
They were shown dating in Marvel Adventures, whilst X-Treme X-Men #2 featured a Thor & Storm from an alternate universe who were married.Word of Godhas even revealed that a character named Thunderstorm, who was the daughter of Thor & Storm, was planned to be introduced in the Exiles.Amplifier Artifact: Thor typically carries two of these that increase his already insane abilities.Megingjord, otherwise known as the Belt of Strength, doubles his already absurd physical might.
He can even tighten the belt strap to increase his strength even further.
The downside being that using it drains him to the point where he can barely walk.Mjölnir serves as a focus for his innateElemental Powersand further increases his control.Appropriated Appellation: Ever since he lost his worthiness of Mjölnir, he's frequently struggled with his sense of worth, often seeing himself as unworthy, with many of his enemies mocking him for this as well.
At the tale end ofWar of the Realms, heregains Mjölnir andtakes up a new title: God of theUnworthy.An Arm and a Leg: Malekith chops off his left arm shortly intoThor .
InThor, heregains his arm after being made the "Herald of Thunder" byGalactus.Artificial Limbs: After losing the ability to use his hammer, Thor lost his left arm in a battle with Frost Giants, forcing him to replace it with an Uru-forged arm.
He later received another arm inWar of the Realmsreminiscent of the Destroyer.
Flash-Forwards to centuries later reveal that Old King Thor still has it.That said, Thor's real arm returns after becoming Galactus's herald inThor.Attack Reflector: Mjölnir has the ability to reflect any energy attacks launched at it and can even amplify the energy anywhere from 10 to 100 times the original amount for added firepower.Awesome Moment of Crowning: After his father's death, he became king of Asgard and inherited the Odin-Force, but would later pass the title back to Odin when he came back.
At the end of theWar of the Realmsevent,Odin declares him the true king of Asgard and the All-Father.
He evenbowsto him.Badass Boast: He is themasterof these.
The arrogant smack-talk is part of his charm.Thor: Jormungandr is too powerful to be injured easily!
Yet the might of Mjölnir in the hand of Thor is the might of Agard unfettered!
And the fighting heart of Thor shall know no surrender!Badass Cape: His cape is especially notable, because unlike theDistinguished Competition, most heroes in the Marvel Universe lack one.Badass in Distress: Despite being one of the most powerful warriors ever, he tends to bite off more than he can chew at times.In his youth, he was captured by Gorr the God Butcher and tortured for seventeen days straight.
He was eventually rescued by his fellow vikings, who helped him defeat Gorr.In issue 3 ofWar of the Realms, a strike team composed ofCaptain America,Spider-Man,Luke Cage,Iron FistandWolverinewere sent to Jotunheim to rescue Thor after he had been stranded there by Malekith.Daredevil even told them that he heard him screaming from across the universe, so they made haste.
This ends up being subverted, as he was screaming in fury and killing all of his enemies in hisWarrior's Madness.In issue 3 ofKing Thor, Old King Thor and his brotherLokiare left at the mercy ofthe resurrected Gorr, unable to escape or fight back.
Thor's granddaughters come to their rescue alongsidethe Skylords of Indigarr.Barbarian Long Hair: His flowing golden hair, which is one of the key significances that differentiate him from his mythological predecessor.
It's also earned him the nickname "Goldilocks" from the Hulk.
After he became unworthy of Mjölnir followingOriginal Sin,he had his hair cut short.Batman Can Breathe in Space: He can casually survive  in the vacuum of space without any problems.
Needing to breathe seems to be optional for Asgardians.Battle Cry: "For Midgard!
and "For Asgard!
most commonly.Beard of Sorrow: He grows a more sorrowful beard when he loses the ability to wield Mjölnir afterOriginal Sin.The Berserker: If really pressed in combat, Thor can enter a state called the "Warrior's Madness", which is claimed toincrease his strength tenfold and makes him more resistant to harm.
The problem is that he can no longer distinguish friend from foe in this state.Beware the Nice Ones: He's generally aNice Guy, but when he really cuts loose and gets angry, it's a terrifying sight.
When he came back from Ragnarok and met up with Iron Man, he was so pissed that he cloned him that hewrecks him and shatters his armorwhile threatening to unleash a storm that would reduce Washington D.C. to washed up rubble.Big Brother Instinct: When they were young, Thor was always very protective of Loki, which only helped nurture his complexes that lead him down the path of villainy.
When Loki returned to life as Kid!Loki after the Siege of Asgard, this was dialed up to 11 as Thor finally saw a chance to save his brother from becoming a villain.
When Thor learned that Loki's evil adult self had killed Kid!Loki in secret and had taken control of the body to return to life, helost it, and even though the situation was a tiny bit complicated than that - adult Loki and kid Loki had essentially undergone aFusion Dancewith the former nominally dominant, and the result was trying to change his life and become a hero, Thor intended to bring him back to Asgard and see justice for murdering his baby brother.
They're back on better terms now, though Thor doesn't trust his brother one bit.The Big Guy:Alwaysplays this role among The Avengers as the most powerful of them.
He is also physically the strongest warrior in Asgard.Rigellian Recorder 451:Earth can stand against its foes, but it needs something to make its foes never dream of making a fist.
Earth needs a nuclear deterrent.Iron Man:Earthhasa nuclear deterrent.
It also has Thor.Blow You Away: He can manipulate the weather at will, and can even do so on a planetary scale.Boisterous Bruiser: Thor is loud, proud, and has the strength to back it up.Brains Evil, Brawn Good: In comparison to Loki.
While that's not to say that Thor is dumb , he typically prefersrushing headfirst into his problemsand wacking them with his hammer to fight evil, while Loki is more ofa manipulatorwho outsmarts his enemies to defeat the heroes.Breakout Character: During his earlier years as part of theJourney into Mysterycomics, stories involving him became so popular that the series was revamped to be about him.Break Out the Museum Piece: After he loses the ability to use Mjölnir, he uses Jarnbjorn, the battle-axe that he wielded in his youth.Broken Ace: While he doesn't start out as this, he certainly becomes this post-Original Sin.
He loses his worthiness to wield Mjölnir and becomes way more cynical and melancholic.
He admits that he's come to believe that Gorr was right about the gods, and that they don't deserve the praise and worship mortals heap on them.
Far into the future, he has this even worse.
He becomes the All-Father and lord of Asgard and inherits the Odin-Force (which he renames the , but his brother permanently turning to evil, the death of all life on Earth at Loki's hands, and Gorr's slaughter and enslavement of his people has reduced him to a near shell of himself who can barely muster the will to fight anymore.
Thankfully, both the past and future versions of Thor eventually get better, though they still carry much baggage regarding their past failings and self-worth.Broken Pedestal: He becomes this toBeta Ray BillinThor when it's revealed that hechose to become Galactus' herald and is helping him devour planets of his own volition.
After their fight, Bill even denounces Thor, saying that he is no longer Thor's "brother".
Though he does at least accept Thor's offer to become his second-in-command to help keep him restrained.Broke Your Arm Punching Out Cthulhu: Despite his immense power, fighting the cosmic and powerful beings that he does tends to leave him a bloody mess afterward.
His battle with his grandfather, Bor, destroyed Mjölnir, and he tends to break his bones when he's pitted against the Destroyer.
Even his battles against the World Serpent are ones that he doesn't leave without near crippling damage to his person.
Another instance was in his battle with Glory, a planet-sizedEldritch Abominationthat embodied an entire pantheon of dark gods.
After barely managing to kill him, he was completely incapacitated and fell to Earth while reverting back to his Donald Blake guise, causing him to suffer from amnesia as well.Brought Down to Badass: While he's lost the right to wield his hammer due to the events ofOriginal Sinand with it a good portion of his godly power, he's still a mighty warrior capable of kicking some serious ass.
Also happened to him previously when he lost the Odin-Force, the bulk of Odin's power that is passed onto his heir after his death, after his father was revived.
This happens again after Issue #6 ofThor , where after he kills Galactus and the Black Winter,he seemingly loses the Power Cosmic abilities he gained, but is still the All-Father.Brought to You by the Letter "S": Once he becomes the Herald of Thunder, he gains the rune of Thurisaz on his armor.
Even after heloses his Herald powers, He still maintains this.Bruiser with a Soft Center: For all his boisterousness, he shows plenty of emotional vulnerability at times, especially when dealing with his family.But for Me, It Was Tuesday: Sometimes played for tragedy.
Thor once fought against a massive army for two full years without any rest, but he doesn't even remember the fight.
This is because when you're a god who's fought in so many battles over the centuries, a two year long fight means nothing.
And in one late 2010s Thor run, he revealed that whenever he comes to Earth, he's never quite sure if his friends will still be alive, because he's lived for so long that as dearly as he loves them,We Are as Mayflies.Cain and Abel: The Abel to Loki's Cain.Came Back Strong:Subverted.
After he returns from the final Ragnarok cycle and gets into a fight with Iron Man, Tony comments on Thor being much stronger than he was previously - Thor having effortlessly batted him around.
Thor tells him that he hasn't grown any stronger,he's just not holding back anymore.Carry a Big Stick:Mjölniris averyimportant part of Thor's character.
It lets him focus his innate weather powers, and also grants him the ability of faster-than-light flight.
It was once said that Thor by himself comprises half the full wartime might of Asgard... but that half ofThor'smight resides in Mjölnir.
After Mjölnir isdestroyed, Thor begins wielding a number of new hammers, many of which have their own abilities.
However, they are also not as strong as his old one and break easily if he's not careful.Catchphrase: Thor has some of the best.
If you don't believe us, try shouting "I SAY THEE NAY!
next time someone cuts you off in traffic and see how awesome it feels.By Odin's beard!HAVE AT THEE!Clark Kenting: Averted when he transforms into Donald Blake, who's a much skinnier mortal man with short hair rather than Thor's long hair, but played very straight when he adopts his Sigurd Jarlson persona, which is heavily lampshaded.
He even runs into theTrope Namerimmediately after donning his glasses.Dating Catwoman: Has an on-again/off-again/on-again relationship with Amora, The Enchantress, despite her  frequent lapses into villainy.In the  future timeline of "Thor: The Reigning", Thor actuallymarriedThe Enchantress.
Surprisingly, it worked; the two of them were intensely devoted to each other, and Amora was fiercely protective of her husband.He also had a romance with Lorelei, Amora's sister, partially out of physical attraction but mostly due to an extremely powerful AsgardianLove Potion.Deflector Shields: Using Mjölnir, Thor can create "dimensional disruptions" that not even the Hulk can break through.
He has also created vortexes and barriers that cannot be penetrated by Earthly means, such as the barrier he made to defend the U.N. Headquarters inThor #181.
The greatest feat his shields have ever displayed was inAvengers Annual #16, where he created a vortex barrier that blocked the explosion of the life-bomb, which was stated to be so powerful that it's explosion would have destroyed1/5 of the Marvel Universe, albeit at the cost of his own life.
However, he has never displayed these abilities in modern comics, so it's likely that Mjölnir no longer possesses this power.Depending on the Writer:Whether or not he can fly without Mjölnir has occasionally shifted depending on the story or media.
Sometimes he needs Mjölnir to be able to fly, but other times he can fly perfectly fine without it.
AfterOriginal Sin, he seems to have lost the ability to fly for good now that he can no longer use his hammer, thoughA New Startreveals that it doesn't necessarily require Mjolnir - just a magic hammer.
By the time of Donny Cates' run,even after he loses his Herald powers, he's shown being able to fly perfectly well without his hammer.
Being Allfather may have something to do with it.Whether he's an authentic Norse deity or from a species of super-beings that resemble gods has also fluctuated depending on the form of media.His exact level of strength also fluctuated over the years, largely in relation to the Hulk.
Is he stronger than the Hulk?
Is he dead even with him?
Is he substantially weaker when the Hulk is enraged?
This tends to alter depending on the writer.
In 2013,Stan Leegave his stance on the issue andstated thatit was a matter of whether the writer in question is a bigger fan of the Hulk or Thor.
As for 2023, the Hulk series confirmed that he's as strong or can become stronger through the Warrior's Madness, Thor's own hulking out.Determinator: It doesn't matter if he's beaten within an inch of his life, his liver turned to glass, or if he's reduced to a pile of flesh, he'll get back up and keep fighting till his dying breath.Did You Just Punch Out Cthulhu?
: Something Thor is known for is taking on the most powerful beings ever and knocking them down a peg or two.
He's defeated the World Serpent, struck a starving Galactus with a God Blast powerful enough to send him fleeing, and  knocked out the Phoenix Force, just to name a few.Dishing Out Dirt: While he doesn't use this nearly as often as his electric abilities, he does possess the ability to manipulate the Earth due to his heritage as the son of the Earth Mother, Gaea.
While in 2021, that was called into question, he's created massive chasms and continental earthquakes that can't be properly measured by the Richter scale.Divine Parentage: Granted, all Asgardians can be considered this due to being gods, but Thor takes this up to eleven by not only being the son of the All-Father Odin, but the offspring of Gaea, the Earth mother and an actual Elder God.
Though this gets called into question when the 2021Avengersstoryline, "Enter the Phoenix", heavily implies that he's the offspring of Odin and Firehair, an ancient avatar for the Phoenix Force.
Either way, he still qualifies for this trope.He's actually Gaea's child, but, to square the circle, he was killed by Laufey almost immediately after birth, and was 'rebirthed' by Firehair's Phoenix fire.
Per Gaea, that makes them both his mother.
Or, perhaps to summarise it, Gaea birthed him, Freya raised him, and Firehair is basically his godmother.The Dreaded: Gods, Giants, and mortal villains fear his might.
Even the most powerful entities in the Marvel Universe get concerned whenever he shows up.Dumb Muscle: Thor's impulsive nature and preference for acting without thinking things through can often leave this impression when it gets him or his allies in trouble.Subvertedin that when he bothers to think he can come up with reasonably intelligent battle plans and outsmart some of the top schemers in the 616 universe.Elemental Powers: Lighting and Wind, befitting the God of Thunder.
He also hasDishing Out Dirtthanks to his heritage as the son of Gaea andPlaying with Fireto a smaller degree with his "Atomic Flare" technique and connection to the Phoenix viaFirehair having 'rebirthed' him in her Phoenix flames to save him as a newborn, and having got attached.
It's easiest to see her as his godmother.Empathic Weapon: Mjölnir is this, as it's not a matter of strength when it comes to wielding it.
It's a matter ofworthiness.
He loses the ability to wield it because the hammer no longer sees him as worthy, and it would take until the end ofSecret Warsfor him to get his worthiness back and until the end ofWar of the Realmsto get Mjölnir back.
However, while he is worthy to wield his old weapon, he's not completely so, as Loki notes that he'sactually struggling to lift Mjölnir, something that has never happened before.Energy Absorption: One of Mjölnir's abilities is that it can absorb and redirect an almost unlimited amount of energy.
He's redirected Hyperion's atomic vision, the Power Cosmic fueled blasts of theSilver Surfer, and the devastating flames of Glory.
The absorbed energy can be redirected with anywhere between 10 to 100 times as much power back at his attackers.
One of the hammer's greatest feats was inThor #407, where Mjölnir managed to contain the galaxy-destroying power of a Null Bomb before using the power to reignite a dying sun.
And inThor, as Herald of Thunder he absorbed all of the Power Cosmic from an upgraded Galactus.Evil Uncle:Inverted.
As Loki is his adoptive brother, he's the uncle of Hela, Fenris, and Jormungandr,notethoughKieron Gillenwould throw a wrench into the idea that Hela is really Loki's daughterand all three follow in their father's footsteps in antagonizing him.Eye Scream: Thor sacrifices one of his eyes to Yggdrasil duringWar of the Realms.Much like his arm, Thor also regained it when he became Galactus's herald.Flaming Sword: Hammer version.
Yes, he can set Mjölnir on fire with an attack known as the "Atomic Flare".
According toThor #351, he does this by spinning his hammer so fast that it sets its atoms ablaze, causing it to "[burn] with the might of a thousand suns".
It even appears to be ablaze when it'sreforged at the end ofWar of the Realms.Flying Brick: Thor is super strong, incredibly durable, and can fly through the air at incredible speeds thanks to his hammer.Fun Personified: A common interpretation of his character presents him this way, though he can be much more serious.Friendly Rivalry: His rivalry with the Hulk has grown into this over the years.
G-LGenius Bruiser: Occasionally he can be insightful and use intelligent strategies and has even outwitted the likes of Loki and Malekith, who pretty much specialize in manipulation.
He also retains all of Donald Blake's medical knowledge even as Thor.
However, despite his intelligence, he prefers hisLeeroy Jenkinstactics.
It's a side effect of growing up in warrior culture as well as being one of the strongest beings out there.
When you're as tough as him, why plan when you can fight?Glass Cannon: Usually he's aLightning Bruiser, but there have been instances in comics where he became this.At one point, Hela briefly turned him into this.
While he was as strong as usual, he was cursed with brittle bones that wouldn't heal, meaning even throwing a basic punch would shatter his arms.Thor's new hammers provide him with all of the same abilities that Mjölnir did, but they are composed of less-refined Uru than his original weapon and are more prone to breaking if he's not careful.God in Human Form: He's a Norse deity, but he looks human.
He can also take on the human guise of Donald Blake.Gods Need Prayer Badly: Averted.
He doesn't need prayer to power his abilities, though some issues depict being prayed to as strengthening his powers.
A lack of prayer does not weaken his "base" power set, but being prayed todoesmake him stronger.Good Is Dumb: He ranks pretty low in terms of intelligence according to his official Marvel stat sheet.SubvertedinThe Avengerswhen he learns English intwo weeks.
However, his intelligence is usually portrayed as about or slightly above average for a normal person.
He can be a good tactician and show surprising levels of intelligence.
He really only looks slow because he's most often used asDumb Muscle, and is frequently found in close proximity to super-geniusesReed Richards,Tony Stark,Odin, andLoki.It also doesn't help that he'san Asgardian god who has little to no knowledge of Earth subjects, which can sometimes make him seem a bit slow.The actual comics themselves on the other hand have averted this multiple times by showing that Thor has all of Donald Blake's medical knowledge  and having him perform surgery on more than one occasion, making him something of aGenius Bruiser.Thor is often described as having an IQ of 375 and he has shown it often, with his frequently being shown to have a gift for strategy, and oncemanipulatingMalekith the Accursed, aMagnificent Bastardin his own right, in a fashion worthy of Loki.
It appears his intelligence is just a victim of power seep in order to make the likes of Iron Man andDoctor Strangelook better.
Also, unlike his mortal Avenger compatriots, he's simply strong and durable enough that there are very few issues he can't solvesimply by whacking them repeatedly with Mjölnir.Good Is Not Soft: Thor generally tries to be more merciful to his enemies than one might expect of a viking warrior, but he will occasionally show that he is willing to do terrible things if necessary.On one occasion, Loki kidnapped and threatened a mortal child and went above and beyond in his attempts to kill Thor.
Thor beat the crap out of him and gave him a speech about thinking goodness is weakness only for Loki to murder a nearby human out of spite and then surrender.
Thor finally had enough, and knowing Loki would only return to menace Earth again killed him only for Thor himself to face punishment for killing his brother.
Funnily enough, Loki was trying to goad Thor into killing him as part of a long-term plan.Another time, Loki released a magical plague that made Asgard vulnerable to a frost giant attack along with another attempt on Thor's life.
Thor figured out Loki was behind everything, but not enough to prove it.
He broke Loki's arm as a reminder that Thor's patience has its limits.The Good King: According to his alternate future self, he will become the greatest All-Father in the history of Asgard,and also the worst.After he's crowned All-Father following the events ofWar of the Realms, he strives to be this and avoid the mistakes made by his father and future incarnation.Half-Human Hybrid: In the 2021The AvengersEnter the Phoenixarc, Firehair who's an ancient human mutant/Phoenix avatar tells Thor that she's his actual mother and the Gaea story is a lie .
If she's telling the truth then Thor is part human mutant .Turns out Gaea is still Thor's birth mother, so no human, or mutant DNA - though Thor was killed by Laufey shortly after birth, and Firehair intervened, using Phoenix Fire to 'rebirth' him, with Gaea observing that they're technically both his mother.
It's complicated.Has a Type: Not countingAmoraor usage of trickery Thor tends to gravitate towards brunettes with attitude.
For Odin'sgreat displeasure when mortalreally.Headbutting Heroes: Thor generally gets along with everyone due to his penchant for loyalty and love of fun, but there is one hero he frequently butts heads with: The Hulk.
It varies from time to time: Sometimes the two get along just fine, sometimes they are more friendly rivals, but many times its pureTeeth-Clenched Teamwork.
The reasons vary as well,though most of the time it comes from the fact that Thor doesn't care for how volatile Hulk is, and Hulk tends to not like people getting in his way when he sets his mind to something, and since Thor is one of the few heroes who is not afraid to get in his way...Healing Factor: Complementing his insane durability, on the rare occasion he gets hurt, his healing factor will patch him up.
He's healed from getting impaled as well as having vital organsripped out of his body.
It cannot restore severed limbs though.Helmets Are Hardly Heroic: This trope tends to be zig-zagged when it comes to him.
His present day self always wears his iconic winged helmet in battle, but before that, his younger self never wore a helmet, likely reflecting his brash arrogance.
During his time as Unworthy Thor, he also went his journeys without his helmet and opted for a hood and cape in its stead.
After gaining a new hammer inMarvel: A Fresh Start, he also returned to wearing his famed helm as well.
Fittingly, he also stops wearing his helmet afterhe becomes Galactus's willing Herald and aWell-Intentioned Extremist.Heroic Build: He is extremely tall and muscular.Hijacked by Jesus: Occasionally.
Less extreme examples merely feature Christian themes and subtext alongside the classic Norse inspirations.Egregiouscases feature Thorquoting the gorramNew Testament.Hijacking Cthulhu: In a comic book annual, Demogorge the God-Eater, an ancient deity whose very purpose is to destroy gods, tries to consume Thor, but the superhero's will is too strong, and not only takes over its body, but he forces it to restore all the deities it had already eaten!Humanity is Infectious: Given the choice between Asgard and Midgard, Thor stands with Earth and its people every time.Humanoid Alien: While he's actually a deity , he could easily pass for a regular human, albeit an incredibly tall one.Humongous-Headed Hammer: Thor's hammer Mjolnir is usually depicted as a metal brick that's at least a foot long and half a foot wide with a short handle.Hybrid Power: One of the reasons Thor supersedes every other member of his race barring his father is because of his special heritage.
He's the son of the All-father, Odin, who is the most powerful Asgardian overall and the holder of the all powerful Odinforce that he will one day inherit, but he's also either the son of Gaea, the immensely powerful Elder Goddess of Earth, or Firehair, a human mutant and host of the Phoenix.
Let's just say that Thor hit theSuperpower Lotterybig time with genetics like that.Gaea is the mother, but Firehair 'rebirthed' him through Phoenix Fire when Laufey killed him moments after birth.
She's sort of his godmother.I Am Not Left-Handed: He states that he'll never use more than a fraction of his power when he's on Earth for the sake of avoiding collateral damage.
If he ever decides to stop holding back, his enemies are in for a hard time.
In one instance, he got beat up by Dario Agger, a Minotaur whom Thor states is as strong as the Hulk.
After assessing his opponent's strength, he stops holding back and takes Agger down with a single punch.I Am X, Son of Y: He has sometimes introduced himself to others as "Thor, son of Odin", or just as "Son of Odin.
I Have Many Names: Given his long life and career as a superhero, he's gone by many names and titles including, but not limited to: Donar, Thunaer, God of Thunder, the Thunderer, Son of Gaea, the Golden Avenger, Donald Blake, Storm-God, Jormungand's Fear, All-Father ,God of the Unworthy, andHerald of Thunder.Immune to Bullets: Thor can easily shrug off gunfire like it's not even there.
When gunmen were about to shoot down innocent people, he blocked the bullets by just standing in front of them, not even fazed.Improbable Aiming Skills: Thor once threw Mjolnir around the sun of the planet he stood upon, to strike an enemy about the same size as Thor standing a few feet in front of him.
Back-handed over his shoulder.
Even allowing for Mjolnir's homing enchantment, that's still an amazing shot.Instant Flight: Just Add Spinning!
: Back in the older comics, Thor would hover by spinning his hammer overhead like a helicopter.
Nowadays, he doesn't spin his hammer to achieve flight, but it is useful for building up momentum to increase his flight speed.In the Hood: After he became unworthy of Mjölnir, he added a hood to his cape.It Is Not Your Time: Just before his resurrection post-Final Ragnarok, his human incarnation, Donald Blake, tells him that his time is not over yet.Large Ham:Is.
He.
Ever.
While many of Marvel's characters have gotten more serious and grounded throughout the years, Thor still speaks like he's straight out of a 1960's comic, full of bombast and theatrics.
Though this has slackened off somewhat in theGod of Thunderrun.
He can still pull out the thunder and the bombast , but largely, this is a more thoughtful, more introspective Thor.Last-Name Basis: After he became unworthy, he passed his name on to Jane Foster and only went by his last name, "The Odinson", due to feeling that he did not deserve his name until he became worthy again.Last of His Kind: In the far future, when Gorr the God Butcher slaughtered all other gods, Thor became the last god in the universe.
Though this becomessubvertedsince Loki is still around, his granddaughters are also goddesses, and theymanage to resurrect the Skylords of Indigarr.The Leader: He was this for the League of Realms, as appointed by the Congress of Worlds.Leeroy Jenkins: A problem with being more powerful than most other beings is Thor often charges into battle, hammer swinging, without considering his opponents strengths or coming up with a plan.
Usually, this isn't a problem thanks to his raw power, but it has come back to bite him a few times over the years.Lightning Bruiser: Aside from the obvious pun, Thor is considered a top-tier character in multiple areas, including physical strength, toughness, speed, flight, and energy powers/ranged attacks.
Put them all together and there's almost no heroorvillain who can last a single round with him .Lightning Can Do Anything: The utility of Thor's lightning needs to be seen to be believed.
Besides deep frying or knocking his enemies out, he's also used it to seal holes in the ground and at one point essentiallyglue a moon back together.Literal-Minded: Being an Asgardian with little knowledge on Earth customs, he can take things at face value at times.
In the 2007 series, he was told by Oklahoma police officers that he couldn't put Asgard on the ground there since it was private property.
Thor responds by lifting all of Asgard and making it float.Thor: It is no longer on the ground.Living Weapon: His iconic hammer, Mjölnir, is not your average Uru weapon.
Not even Odin can fully control it, and Thor fully acknowledges that Mjölnir is as sentient as he is.Long-Lived: He's an Asgardian god who's already a few thousand years old.
As his future version shows, he will continue to live for many millennia beyond even that.Luke, I Am Your Father: Thor gets this inThe Avengers "Enter the Phoenix" arc.
The mutantcavewoman/Phoenix Force avatar, Firehair tells Thor that Odin hid the truth and she's his real mother.This turns out to beMetaphorically True.
Firehair convinced Gaea to accept Odin's courtship after she herself rejected Odin's marriage, and later 'rebirthed' Thor through her Phoenix fire when Laufey killed him instants after he was born - and, apparently, got attached.
Gaea herself said that Firehair is just as much the mother as she is, and she could be seen as his godmother.
M-RMagic Knight: An interesting example, in that he doesn't really cast spells and knows little of actual magic, but his weather manipulation is a functional form of magic, in tandem with his warrior ways.Mama's Baby, Papa's Maybe: Inverted.
There's never been doubt on Odin being his father, but it was after the gods fought the Celestials with the Destroyer and Odinsword, that Gaea was established at his mother.
And in 2021, his maternal parentage is called into question again with the "Enter the Phoenix" arc.Gaea is Thor's biological mother, but Firehair was the one who convinced her give Odin the chance, and sort of 'rebirthed' Thor in Phoenix fire after he was killed instants after birth - Gaea considers them both his mother, and she could be seen as his godmother.Manly Facial Hair: Thor has sometimes sported a manly beard.
In theWalt Simonsonrun, he grew a beardbecausehe was a badass.
After fighting withHela, the goddess of death, her touch disfigured him, so he grew the beard to cover it.
During Dan Jurgens run, Odin died and Thor ended up gaining the Odin Force, which caused him to not only gain an increase in power, but a beard as well.
Many future versions of Thor also have him wielding a mighty beard.
The current Thor of the Marvel Universe as ofMarvel: A Fresh Starthas a beard.Man of Kryptonite: He's this to Max Dillon/Electro.
Thor can manipulate and is completely immune to being harmed by electricity while Max is a being made of electricity.
When they fought, Thor easily absorbed him into Mjölnir and blasted him into the sky, humiliating the electric supervillain.Mayfly–December Romance: All of his human love interests are this to him, since he's an immortal Asgardian God.Mercury's Wings: His iconic helmet features a pair of wings.Messianic Archetype: Notquiteto the point of actually being the Messiah, butDepending on the Writercan come across asJesus WITH A HAMMER!sometimes.It should also be noted that this can occasionally beawesome.My Future Self and Me: InGod of ThunderandWar of the Realms, he has teamed up with and interacted with his future-self to stop threats like Gorr and Maliketh.
He's even fought alongside his past-self in these same instances.My Species Doth Protest Too Much: InThe Unworthy Thor, he admits thatthis is how he lost Mjölnir.
He no longer feels thatanyof the gods, himself included, are worth the praise mortals heap on them.New Powers as the Plot Demands: In the past, he went through someEarly-Installment Weirdnessin which he just developed new powers on the fly, ranging from ventriloquism to outrighttime travel.
Over the years, this was toned down and Thor's power-set became his definedFlying Brickpowers,Shock and Awe, andWeather Manipulation.Nice Guy: He's always been this, fundamentally, even if he sometimes comes across a bit aloof and temperamental, but in recent years, he's become Superman'sAlternate Company Equivalentin more than just the power stakes, showing the sort of gentle wisdom and kindness that you'd expect from Superman.
Thor spends his free time bringing food to starving nations, preparing last meals for sympathetic death row victims, regaling mountain-exiled monks with tales of adventures, and guiding the younger mortals around him with gentle wisdom when he can.Nigh-Invulnerability: Both he and his weapon have this.Not to an insane degree, but as aPhysical God, very few things or beings can actually harm Thor.
He has shown immunity to bullets and firearms, and survived everything from planet busters, flying through stars, getting crushed by the weight of twenty planets, absolute zero temperatures, and more.His main weapon, Mjölnir, is comprised of Uru and is nearly indestructible as a result.
Emphasis onnearly, as it has been destroyed in the past, usually by cosmically powerful beings like Celestials and Bor, his grandfather.No Indoor Voice: It's an Asgardian thing.
While he is more subdued compared to the rest of his race, he still ends up being the biggestLarge Hamon whatever Avengers team he winds up on.Non-Human Humanoid Hybrid: Possibly.
Part of why Thor is so much stronger than any other Asgardian is because he's half-Asgardian on his father's side, but he's also half-Elder God from his mother, Gaea's, side.
Though since Odin is also half-Frost Giant from his mother's side, this makes Thor 1/4 Asgardian, 1/4 Frost Giant, and 1/2 Elder God.
However, the 'Enter the Phoenix' arc of Aaron'sAvengerssuggests that his mother might actually be Firehair, a human mutant and the first Phoenix host.Technically, both are true: Gaea gave birth to him, but when he was killed moments after birth by Laufey, Firehair 'rebirthed' him via Phoenix fire.
Per Gaea, both are his mother.Not Brainwashed: In issue #3 ofThor , Beta Ray Bill believes Thor to be under Galactus's control afterhe becomes the Herald of Thunder.
It turns out that Thor isn't brainwashed and is helping Galactus of his own free will, even reverting back to his original self to prove it.Not Quite Flight: Thor's method of flight involves holding onto Mjölnir after throwing it and traveling on the momentum of his throwing strength.
Of course, since the hammer is magic and can fly around unaided, he doesn't even need to throw it to let it take him places.
However, he has sometimes been depicted flying without it, but reasons tend to vary on whether or not he's channeling his hammer's power to let him levitate or if he's taking a page out ofStorm's book and manipulating the wind to stay aloft.Omniglot: Thanks to a standard Asgardian ability, called the All-Speak, Thor can speak every language in the known universe.
English, old Norse, Japanese, various alien languages, and even frog-speak.One-Man Army: When Thor takes the restraints off, he can single-handedly destroy entire armies of modern-tech humans, superhumans or mythological creatures like trolls and giants.
He once fought an army encompassing thousands of powerful warriors for two years without tiring out.Paradox Person: He has interacted with his past and future selves and even argued with them.
They've existed in the same point in the timeline and yet, despite Young!Thor interacting and disliking how his future selves turn out, none of them are affected by this.
However, it is noted that if Thor's younger self dies, then the others will also fade from existence as well.Person of Mass Destruction: When he cuts loose, he can easily annihilate entire planets.When he arm wrestledHercules, they generated enough force to not onlydevastate the planet they were on, but throw the thing out of orbit.
The kicker was that neither was winded even after doing this.In his fight with Gorr the God Butcher, he destroyed large moons by complete accident.
It's worth noting that he was nowhere near said moons when he destroyed them.
Theforce of his attacks was enough!Old King Thor gets to show just how destructive he can be when he fights the likes of Galactus, Lokithe All-Butcher, and the returning Gorr.
His fight with the Devourer of Worlds destroyed Earth's moon as they went toe-to-toe with each other, his fight with Loki devastated Asgard, and his battle againstGorrhad him using Mjölnir to throwstarsat his opponent.Physical God: Sometimes depicted as an advanced alien, sometimes depicted as a literal physical God.
It varies by the writer.
What doesn't vary is that he'salwaysmore than powerful enough to qualify for this trope.
Stories within Jason Aaron's run on the character lean more strictly into him being a genuine Norse deity.Playing with Fire:The Avengersreveals that Thor has cosmic fire powers stemming from him being the son of the Phoenix.The actual reason is because while Gaea is the true birth mother, Laufey killed the new born Thor in mere moments after his birth.
To save the newborn Thor, Firehair used the power of Phoenix Force to "rebirth" the child and got attached, which is why the Phoenix shows a certain interest in him.Pop Cultural Osmosis: Say "Thor" to most people, and they'll picture this version instead of theoriginal.Power Glows: When Thor became a Herald of Galactus, the Mjölnir was constantly glowing blue.
From then on, the Mjölnir has that same glow when Thor needs to crank up the power.Precision-Guided Boomerang: Mjölnir is enchanted to return to it's user regardless of how many targets it strikes.
This is justified by the hammer explicitly being magical in nature.Proud Warrior Race Guy: Less so than most traditional Asgardians, but still the most prominent of the Avengers.Really Gets Around: Ifhis list of love interestsweren't enough to convince you, his narration in the Viking Era portion of the God Butcher storyline states that he slept with half of the women in the Scandinavian village he was occupying at the time.Really 700 Years Old: He's a several thousand year old Asgardian, and has even fought alongside other vikings in 893 AD during his youth.Rejecting the Inheritance: AfterWar of the Realms, he initially rejectsthe throne of Asgard and the title of All-Father when Odin bestows it to him.
After some time to think, he ultimately accepts, but refuses to let anyone call himAll-Fatheruntil they succeed in restoring Asgard and bringing the gods back home.Required Secondary Powers: There's no way Thor would be able to throw himself along with his hammer unless he was durable enough to do so without ripping his arm out of its socket.
Thankfully, he's got durability in spades, so he can do just that.
Thanks to the worthiness enchantment on Mjölnir, anyone who wields it instantly gains all of Thor's powers, including strength and durability, so this isn't an issue for them either.Royal Harem: In Jason Aaron's continuity, Thor  kept a harem of concubines to serve him.Royals Who Actually Do Something: He may be the Prince of Asgard, but he's an Avenger first and foremost.
S-ZSemi-Divine: He actually takes this even further than most by being half-Asgardian on his father's side and half-Elder God on his mother's side.Sentient Cosmic Force: Eons ago, Odin battled one known as the Godstorm.
Successfully defeating it, he placed it in the Mjölnir.
Its presence in the hammer is what causes the Mjölnir to evolve over time and makes it much more powerful than any other uru weapon.Shock and Awe: As God of Thunder he can control and generate lightning and thunder.Sibling Yin-Yang: With Loki, in every meaningful way.Sleeves Are for Wimps: His classic, unworthy, and Marvel Now costumes.Spin to Deflect Stuff: He typically spins Mjölnir like a helicopter to deflect certain projectile attacks.Stealth Mentor: To Jean Grey, of all people - specifically, Teen Jean, who comes to him looking for help fighting off the Phoenix.
Unfortunately for her, he appears to be completelyhammeredin an isolated tavern, and entirely unaware of the incoming army of orcs and monsters, instead rambling on about stories from the good old days.
Then as soon as they burst through the door, he instantly sobers up, takes his axe and cuts them into mince.
It also turns out that those stories had a relevant point, helping Jean considerably.Strong and Skilled: Not only is he one of the strongest heroes in the Marvel Universe, he's also one of the most skilled, having mastered multiple forms of combat over the centuries of his life.Strong as They Need to Be: His strength and power tend to fluctuate up and down like a yo-yo depending on the story.
Sometimes it takes super-beings such as the Hulk, Silver Surfer, or Gorr to threaten him.
Other times he can be challenged and bested by more human-level threats.
Granted, it is frequently stated that he'sWillfully Weakso as not to threaten the world, and when he stops holding back he has been shown causing mass destruction, so there is justification for this.Strong Family Resemblance: As he gets older, he takes more and more after his father.
As seen with his future self, he practically becomes the spitting image of Odin, minus the gold armor.
By the end ofWar of the Realms, he now wears an eye-patch over his now gone left eye, increasing his resemblance to his father .Super-Empowering: He's subjected to this in the beginning of the 2020 series, where Galactusgives him the Power Cosmic and makes him the "Herald of Thunder" to combat the Black Winter.Superhero Gods: He's one of the most defining examples in comics.
For Marvel comics, he's pretty muchthedefinitive example of this trope.Super Mode: His "Warrior's Madness" state amps his already insane strengthtenfold.
The drawback is that he loses all sense of reason and can't discern friend from foe.Superpower Lottery: Arguably Marvel's champion of this trope.
He has a wide assortment of powers such asSuper-Strength,Super-Speed,Nigh-Invulnerability,Flight,Shock and Awe, andWeather Manipulation, all of which are to such an immense degree that it makes him one of the strongest heroes in the Marvel Universe.Super-Speed: Described by Hela to be as fast as the lightning he commands, and his top speed is labeled as Mach 32.
With Mjölnir, he can fly at several times the speed of light with ease.
He can easily react toQuicksilverand has boasted that he's tagged faster opponents.Super-Strength: Thor's strength is immense, and the super-beings who can match him can be counted on the fingers of one hand .
He's used a fishing rod to lift the World Serpent, held together a moon and used his lightning to mend it back together, and resisted the gravity of a neutron star.
InAvengersVol.
He has proven equal to Hercules in pure physical might, and he onceheadbuttedtheSilver Surferhard enough todent the Surfer's skull.
Keep in mind, the Silver Surfer is a character whose strategy against theHulkwas "let him punch me to no effect until he gets bored", whichworked.Teeth-Clenched Teamwork: In his 2020 series, Thoris made Galactus' newest heraldso he can help him stop the Black Winter, a horrific star plague that destroyed the Galactus of the Fifth Multiverse, or more specifically his original self, Galan of Taa.
Galactus needs to eat five worlds that will empower him enough to fight the Black Winter.
One of those worlds, Clypse, was inhabited, which led to Thor beating Galactus down until he let him evacuate the planet with the Bifrost.
Even then, he devours an inhabited world due to lack of time, and Thor makes it very clear to the Devourer of Worlds that he will make him answer for his crimes when they complete their mission.Time Abyss: Downplayed in that he's certainly not an elder of the universe or eons old like the Skyfathers, but he's well over a few thousand in his years.
He's fought Apocalypse in 1013 A.D. His future self, Old King Thor, goes on to live for countless millennia, to the point where he's described as being far older than any god to have ever lived.
Considering how old deities can be in Marvel's cosmology of gods, that speaks volumes.Thou Shalt Not Kill: Generally played straight while in the Earthly realms, although Thor can and will kill enemies who piss him off enough.
Blockbuster, a member of Mister Sinister's Marauders and an enemy of theX-Men, learned this the hard way.
In contrast, when in Asgard and the other 'mythical' realms, he ismuchmore willing to use lethal force, since demons, monstrous creatures, and ancient, eldritch horrors are not suitable candidates for a benevolent prison system.Throwing Your Sword Always Works: Thor's primary tactic in a fight is to throw Mjölnir at his foes.
It generally always does given the sheer power behind it alongside the throw-and-return function it possesses.Thunder Hammer: Mjölnir is theTrope Maker.
As expected, it grants Thor the power of thunder and lightning.Token Non-Human: In modern teams, there's usually plenty of Mutants, Inhumans and Aliens, but a lot of classic line-ups featured Thor as the sole non-human Avenger.Took a Level in Badass: Anytime he gains the Odin-Force, he's subject to this trope.
After the events ofWar of the Realms, he once again becomesAll-Father and gains all the power that comes with it.
This later gets furthered when Galactus grants him access tothe Power Cosmic.
To show this, he and Beta Ray Bill were once equal to each other, but Thor becomes so strong that he can simply backhand him without effort.
To really put this into perspective, he not only effortlessly de-powers Galactus, but straight upkillshim and uses his corpse to nuke theBlack Winter.Took a Level in Jerkass: His interaction with various other characters  have been explosively brutal, beat-down-with-intent-to-kill jerkishness post-Original SinandAxis.
Not that it'swithoutjustification, and the intent to kill is largely limited to Loki, butstill...
He gets over it.Trauma Conga Line: AfterOriginal Sin.
Thor loses the ability to use Mjölnir and shames himself in front of the All-Father and all of Asgard, insists he doesn't need it and rushes off to battle only to lose his arm, which a Frost Giant keeps as a trophy , and then discovers that the hammer has found a new host.
Then, right after, he discovers that his beloved brother he's finally repaired his relationship with wasn't actually the Kid!Loki he thought, and had actually killed Kid!Loki, causing him to vow to bring Loki to justice again and ruining their relationship again.
After the time skip,he finally becomes worthy of wielding Mjölnir again... which ultimately causes him to lose the Hammer ofThorrduring his and Hyperion's last stand against the Beyonders, allowing him to die as himself beforeSecret Wars.
Thor's had a rough go of it in the modern Marvel Universe.Walking Shirtless Scene: He spends more than half ofThe Unworthy Thorcompletely bare-chested while searching for the Ultimate universe version of Mjölnir.Warrior Prince: He's the crown prince of the warrior culture of Asgard.Wave-Motion Gun: He can use not one, butthreedifferent variations:His most powerful technique with Mjölnir, the God Blast, is an overwhelming beam of energy that has the power to kill immortal beings.
It's caused a starving Galactus to flee for his life and shatter the brain-case of the Celestial Exitar, though not without destroying Mjölnir.He can also use his hammer to create the incredibly powerful Anti-Force blast, which proved so powerful that it seemingly killed Mangog.Another of these is the Thermo-blast.
Unlike the God Blast, this one channels energy from Mjölnir rather than channeling his own life force through the hammer.
It is immensely powerful, having been described as universe shaking, and can humble the likes of Ego the Living Planet.Weak, but Skilled: Whenever he's pitted against foes of greater strength , he becomes this.
It's usually with enemies that he can't outright overpower that he has to think his way out of the problem or rely on superior fighting skills.Weather Manipulation: There are several super-powered individuals on Earth who can influence the weather, but Thor's power surpasses them all — because, hey: heistheGod of Thunder.
He was even theTrope Namerback when this trope was originally called "Power of the Storm.
All the power of the storm, from all the world, flows through my veins, and can be summoned by mine hammer at any time, wherever it is.
A lightning storm in Japan?
Mine.
A hurricane off the coast of Barbados?
Mine again.
A brace of tornadoes in Kansas?
Aye... mine.
All that might, all that destructive force, mine to command.
Channeled and guided through the mystic might of this hammer, guided right at thee!
Well Done, Son" Guy: Occasionally displays elements of this in regards to his father, Odin, especially when Odin is invoking hisOmniscient Morality License.When All You Have Is a Hammer…: If Thor is confronted with a problem, his response is generally to throw his hammer at it.
If things getreallytough, he'll whip out his weather powers.
To be fair, Thor is anexpert in the art of magic hammer throwing.Who Wants to Live Forever?
: Thor has occasionally been distressed that he will have to watch all his friends and comrades on Earth die eventually.Willfully Weak: Thor often intentionally holds himself back when he's fighting on Earth.
Part of this is due to his not wanting to kill his enemies or make his friends feel weak , but part of it is also likely due to the fact that he's often fighting in urban areas with lots of innocent bystanders.
If he unleashed his full power, he could cause a lot of unnecessary collateral damage — especially as this is someone who hasshattered planets with the shock-wave of his blows.An example of Thor pointing out how powerful he is, in a way most people fail to consider — when the US government  attempted to intimidate him, Thor informed them that, if pressed, he could and would create a Category 5+ hurricane over Washington D.C.... and thenholdit there for weeks or months, till the entire city was simply washed away.
And there would be nothing anyone could do to stop it.
Stark backed down.Hastily.The Worf Effect: He's been hit with this from time to time to show that the threat level of the new villain is extremely high.
To be fair, the enemies in his rogues gallery tend to be within the Cosmic tier of power and hefrequently tends to hold backso as not to cause untold destruction to wherever he is.
Even still, enemies likeUltronor Thanos raise the stakes, as they are among the beings that not even he can overpower regardless of whether or not he's holding back.Worf Had the Flu: He spends weeks trying to lift Mjölnir after he became unworthy, not eating or sleeping.
He only stops because he overhears the Frost Giants are attacking Midgard.
He goes to the armory, gets his old axe and flies off to battle.
It goes a lotworsethan anyone expected.World's Best Warrior: Thor is considered the absolute best warrior in all of Asgard.World's Strongest Man: He's among the strongest warriors in the Marvel Universe and one of the most physically powerful on the side of good.
He's also considered to be the strongest Asgardian there is, as befits his title as the Asgardian god of strength.
Usually, the only other hero that can outright surpass him in a contest of raw might is the Incredible Hulk.
He really starts to become this in his 2020 storyline, where he becomes so powerful that he can effortlessly smack Beta Ray Bill like a rag-doll and just as easily overwhelmGalactus.Would Hit a Girl: Thor rarely shies away from hitting whoever needs to be hit, regardless of their gender, though itisrare for him to use excessive or deadly force against someone unless it is required.
For example, while hedidangrily threaten Amora  #17), after discovering that she has created a monstrous version of Skurge, her former lover and minion by using the decapitated body of Donald Blake as raw material, Thor was furious, even going to far as to say he was going to "beat her face in", but he ultimately did no such thing.
Instead, he managed to collapse the room in which he and the Skurge-golem were battling, which rendered both the creature and Amora unconscious.
He then proceeded to cast them both into a magical vortex/portal, leaving the Enchantress defeated and temporarily banished, but with her face intact.Wrecked Weapon: Happens with some of the weapons he wields over the years.Mjölnir is made of Uru, an immensely-durable metal  with magical properties, it's a masterwork item, crafted by the finest weapon-smiths in the Nine Worlds, its enchantments carry the full power of the Odin-Force... and even with all this, the hammer isnotindestructible, having been damaged or destroyed multiple times.
Entirely justified, since Thor tends to battle beings that are powerful beyond the wildest imaginings of most Earthbound heroes.His new hammers that would replace Mjölnir inMarvel: A Fresh Startwould often shatter or break, as they are made from less refined Uru and break easier than Mjölnir ever would.
Important Links
Advertisement:
TVTropes is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available fromthestaff@tvtropes.org.
