URL,Background,Personality,Appearance
https://naruto.fandom.com/wiki/Naruto_Uzumaki,"Minato and Kushina protect Naruto from the Nine-Tails. With Minato gone, Tobi captured Kushina andreleasedthe Nine-Tails from her, using it todevastate Konoha.[15]Minato saved Kushina and left Naruto in her care before he went to protect the village,[16]eventually defeating Tobi andfreeingthe Nine-Tails from Tobi's control. Returning to Naruto and Kushina's location, Minato realised the only way to stop the Nine-Tails was to seal it within Naruto, believing that his son would someday need the fox's power to defeat Tobi when he returned.[17]Since the Nine-Tails'chakrawas too immense to be sealed into an infant, Minatosacrificed his soulto split the fox's chakra in half, sealing theYinhalf within himself and theYanghalfwithinNaruto. After telling Naruto how much they loved him, Minato and Kushina succumbed to their wounds from protecting their son from the Nine-Tails and passed away. Orphaned, and not having anyone else to provide for him, Naruto received monthly income from the village in order to afford daily necessities. Naruto grew up not knowing who his parents were, receiving only his mother's surname, as Hiruzen wanted to protect Naruto from his father's enemies.[18]Minato's dying wish that Naruto be regarded as a hero was honoured by the very few who could put aside their pain and losses caused by the disaster, while the majority of Konoha, however having no knowledge of the circumstances surrounding his birth, openly ostracised and resented Naruto for containing the beast that devastated the village and took many lives; some even viewed Naruto as the Nine-Tails itself. Soon, the Third Hokage forbade anyone from mentioning the Nine-Tails, hoping that the younger generation would not blindly hate Naruto as their parents did.[19]However, Naruto's peers emulated their parents' hatred of him, despite not knowing why. This social isolation caused Naruto to crave acknowledgement, which he would gain by pulling pranks. Naruto meets Hinata. On the day of his enrolment in theNinja Academy[20]- Naruto first metHinata Hyūga, who was being picked on by three bullies. Despite not knowing her, Naruto immediately came to her defence, but he was outnumbered and knocked unconscious, and the bullies damaged his red scarf. When Naruto awoke, Hinata thanked him for helping her and returned his scarf to him, but he let her keep it. He was unaware that the girl's growing affection for him began at that moment.[21] Naruto and Sasuke in the Academy. In the Academy, Naruto became a student ofIruka Umino, who acted as a surrogate older brother to keep him in line and help him work harder. Naruto also met his classmateSasuke Uchihaand tried to befriend him, since Sasuke was alone as well. Jealous of Sasuke's skills and popularity, however,[22]he developed a one-sided rivalry in his pursuit to prove himself just as good as, if not better than, Sasuke, wishing that someday, Sasuke would accept him as an equal.[23]Naruto also grew close with the owner ofRamen Ichiraku,Teuchiand his daughterAyame, being welcomed as their favourite customer. Naruto's ninja registration photo. Naruto is noted as boisterous, exuberant, and unorthodox, quite similar toHashirama Senju.[24]He inherited his mother's verbal tic, as he ends his sentences with ""Dattebayo!"" (だってばよ!) when emotional. Though he responds best to competition and is not afraid to ask for assistance, Naruto is relatively naïve and slow to understand principles or situations. He often requires an oversimplified analogy in order to grasp explanations[25]and can even prove forgetful.[26]Naruto is aware of his faults and admits he acts strong to mask his embarrassment and frustration about them.[27][28]Despite his naivety, Naruto can be quite observant, picking up on things others miss and retaining information casually gathered through conversation.[29] Growing up as an orphan who suffered years of hatred and social isolation has influenced Naruto's character in a number of ways: he is heedless to formality and social standings, addressingcertainpeoplewith nicknames instead ofhonourifics, although by the time of his adulthood, Naruto has slightly outgrown this trait.[30][31]He has picky eating habits of ramen, his favourite food; he has a perverted side that manifests as attempts to peep into women's baths, although these moments are rare.[32]Despite his quirks and the criticism they earn him to the point of being labelled theultimate problem child, Naruto is said to have a personality that draws people to him,[33]inspiring friendship and loyalty through acts of genuine kindness that could change a person's world view and thus builtmeaningful relationshipsthat he lacked in early life; theSage of Six Pathsbelieves Naruto's kindness is a special gift that allows him to saveKuramafrom its hatred.[34]Naruto deeply cherishes these bonds and will go to great lengths to protect them, best seen with Sasuke after his defection from Konoha. Another of Naruto's prominent traits is his desire for acknowledgement; his pranks around the village were for people to notice him, even if it meant by scolding him. Therefore, he dreamed of one day becoming Konoha's Hokage, the epitome of acknowledgement and respect from everyone in the village.[35]Knowing his dream is a long, arduous and seemingly impossible path, Naruto developed his ownnindōof never going back on his word. This life-long philosophy serves as the cornerstone of Naruto's great self-confidence; he believes he can accomplish any goal with enough hard work and perseverance, no matter what. This trait guides him in many aspects of life, such as his promise to bring Sasuke back to Konoha. Over time, his goal to be Hokage grew from a desire for the acknowledgement of others to a desire to help and protect the people close to him, whichTobiattributed to theWill of Fire.[36]His nindō has since been reinforced by his understanding that shinobi were meant to endure through hardships.[37]His belief in hard work and perseverance made him detest shortcuts to achieving, as he disqualified his son from theChūnin Examsfor using the bannedKote, and expressed disgust atMomoshikiandKinshiki Ōtsutsukifor their reliance on harvesting fromChakra Fruitsto lazily gain power.[38] After the death of his masterJiraiya, talking to his fatherMinatoand listening toNagato's tragic story, Naruto grew to understand the destructive cycle of hatred and he vowed to break it in order to bring true peace to the world.[39]To that end, his participation in theFourth Shinobi World Waris not only to protect his friends but also to bear and erase the world's hatred all by himself. After encountering areincarnatedItachi Uchiha, however, Naruto realises that he cannot handle everything alone and that he must allow his friends to support and fight alongside him. As he does so in war's climax, his fighting spirit inspires theAllied Shinobi Forcesto join him and keep fighting to end the war as well, ultimately becoming an example for many people to admire, follow, and believe in.[40][41] Naruto becomes shy around Hinata. Naruto first metHinata Hyūgawhen they were children, where his open kindness and courageous spirit earned him her admiration, which grew into love. On his part, Naruto remained mostly oblivious to Hinata's feelings for him and even considered her ""weird"" because of her shyness around him and his socially ostracised childhood. However, that change during the Chūnin Exams in Part I when they began to interact more and support each other, causing Naruto to like her as a friend.[42]In Part II, as Hinata becomes willing to risk her life to protect Naruto, he, in turn, sees her as an actively strong person despite his speechlessness at her love confession. Naruto grew to love Hinata subconsciously. Still, he was unaware of it because he kept ""fighting"" for Sakura, which was just another way for him to compete with Sasuke. DuringThe Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto finally recognises the love that Hinata has always had for him, causing him to become more bashful and protective of her, just as she was for him. Realising that she alone has ever had faith in him and that she has always been there for him, he reciprocates her feelings and desires to be with her for the rest of his life. This new-found desire made him willing to make healthier lifestyle choices such as eating vegetables and reeling in his impulsiveness, something others have had little success with doing. As an adult, Naruto becomes wiser and more mature, though he retains some of his negligence for honourifics.[43]Although he finally achieves his dream of becoming Hokage, its many tasks would often overwhelm Naruto to the point of him being unable to spend time with his family. He admits that part of this stems was from not having grown up with a father himself, making him unsure of how to interact appropriately with his children.[44]Naruto also tends to be more responsible in his duties as Hokage than as a father. Nevertheless, Naruto profoundly loves his family, as he creates shadow clones to tend to them while he's busy, protects them in times of danger, spends time with them when he can, and expresses pride in his children's successes.[38]He adopts Hiruzen's philosophy that everyone in the village is his family, believing that genuine relationships are made up of love rather than blood relations.[45]His refusal to give his son any special treatment due to their blood-relationships, along with the insistence that the boy professionally addresses him as ""Seventh"" or ""Hokage"" while in the office, is a testament of Naruto's lack of bias and prejudice.[38]Likewise, even in the face of people close to him committing horrible deeds, Naruto remains loyal to them, pushing aside his grief enough to see the nature of what they did.[46]However, after facingMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiand realising how his overly-committed nature serving the entire village was significantly affecting his own family's happiness, Naruto came to accept that he needed to give them more attention. As such, by allowing more help from others, Naruto was able to enjoy more time with his family, restoring the same healthy relationship he had with them before he became Hokage. ""Dark Naruto"" reveals himself in the waterfall. Although he struggled to overcome the hatred of people and the shinobi world, seeking to achieve the peace that his master Jiraiya dreamed of so much, Naruto was also not free from his own hatred. When Naruto understands that it is necessary to definitively master the power of the Nine-Tails, he goes to theIsland Turtleand discovers theFalls of Truthas part of the process. There, Naruto encounters his darker half:Dark Naruto(闇ナルト,Yami Naruto).[47]This was the personification of all of Naruto's negative feelings, such as the grudge he secretly still held against the villagers of Konoha who had always rejected him since childhood. Dark Naruto was the Nine-Tails' favourite aspect of Naruto, claiming him to be the ""real"" Naruto. No matter how much he resisted, the Nine-Tails would tap into the hatred that existed hidden in the depths of his heart.[48]Naruto's conclusion to dealing with his inner hatred was not to ignore him, but rather accept his existence, understanding that this same grudge was what made him get to where he was and value his entire journey up until that moment.[49]This whole process served as basis for Naruto to shape who he truly wanted to be from then on. According toJiraiya, Naruto strongly resembles his father:[50]he has yellow-blond, spiky hair and blue eyes, while inheriting the shape of his mother's eyes and face.[51]His trademark characteristics are the three whisker markings on his cheeks. During theFourth Shinobi World War,Dan Katōinitially mistook Naruto forNawakidue to their stark resemblance.[52]Naruto was rather short for his age during Part I,[53]though he grew to be taller thanSakurain Part II.[54]Naruto originally wore green goggles on his forehead, though he discards them upon becoming a genin. In Part I, Naruto wore an orange and blue jacket with a white collar, a white swirl with a tassel on the left side, and a red Uzumaki crest on the back. He also wore orange pants with a shuriken holster on his right knee, blue sandals, and a blueforehead protector, given to him by Iruka after graduating from the Academy. In Part II, Naruto wears a more form fitting outfit after wearing out his original one while training with Jiraiya,[55]with a T-shirt or mesh armour underneath. While retaining the swirls and orange pants, the blue pieces of his outfit changes to black: his forehead protector (which is now longer), sandals, and orange jacket, the black colour showing more prominence than the blue did originally. During his battle with Pain, Naruto briefly wore a short-sleeved red coat with a black flame pattern around the hem and carried a large scroll on his back. Naruto lost his right arm after theFourth Shinobi World War, though it is later replaced by a fully manoeuvrable prosthetic arm made ofHashirama Senju's cells, wrapped completely in bandages. InThe Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto grew again to be one of the tallest of his graduating class, cut his hair short, and wore a black elastic forehead protector. Over his pants and sandals, he wears a black uniform jacket with an orange zipper and buttons on the waist and sleeves, which can be folded up at times. He has a red armband with an Uzumaki crest on his left arm. After becoming Hokage, Naruto dons a garment similar to his father's: a white cape that has a red flame pattern around the hem, is held together by a red rope, and has the kanji for ""Seventh Hokage"" (七代目火影,Nanadaime Hokage) written vertically down the back. Underneath this, he wears an orange sweatshirt with black stripes (reverse in the manga version ofBoruto: Naruto Next Generations), black pants and sandals. He occasionally wears the traditionalHokageheadpiece, but has stopped wearing a forehead protector. Naruto's combined senjutsu and tailed beast influence over his trademark techniques. Originally, Naruto was a rather inept ninja, failing to graduate from theAcademythree times. Through sheer determination and training however, his skills rapidly improved to defeat stronggeninlikeNeji Hyūga,Gaara, andKabuto Yakushi, earning acknowledgement from all theSanninfor his potential.[56]Under various tutelage, Naruto was able todefeatvarious membersofAkatsuki, ultimately earning praise from Konohagakure as a Hokage-material hero.[57]Naruto's personally defeated various reincarnatedKage[58]andjinchūrikiduring the Fourth Shinobi World War,[59]with many believing he was the central key to winning the battle.[60][61][62]By adulthood, his prowess made him the Seventh Hokage, regarded as the strongest shinobi in history[63]and having command of overwhelmingjutsu.[64]With the combined might ofSasuke Uchiha, noted as his only rival in power,[38]they are said to be able to destroy the world.[65]Together, they overpoweredMomoshiki ŌtsutsukiwhoabsorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki, and pushedJigen's body to its limit. Overall, he could compete against if not defeat world-threatening opponents, such asObito Uchiha,Madara Uchiha,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, andToneri Ōtsutsuki, as well as fighting at hisabsolute peakmanaged to overwhelmIsshiki Ōtsutsuki. Naruto sharing Kurama's chakra through physical contact. As anUzumakiand areincarnationofAsura Ōtsutsuki,[66]Naruto has massive reserves of strongchakra. Even as a child, he had at least four times the amount of a seasonedJōninlikeKakashi Hatake,[67]and described byKarinas ""bright and warm"".[68]Additionally, whenMinatosealedKuramawithin Naruto as an infant, he constructedthesealin a way that allowed a portion of the fox's immense chakra to naturally mix with Naruto's chakra over time.[69][70]His initial poor control of it was offset by his sheer reserves,[71]which were large enough to endure three and a half days of constant battle against several powerful opponents. Only by the end of his battle against Sasuke did he show exhaustion, and even then could still fight to a standstill and eventual victory.[72]Naruto's control improved greatly over time; able totransfer his chakrato others,[73]and perform one-handed hand seals.[74]Being an Uzumaki, Naruto's powerful life-force grants him an extreme longevity, healing power, stamina, and vitality;[75]this allowed him to survive the extraction of a tailed beast, though he required aid fromSakura Harunoto stay alive.[76]Naruto also learned how to countergenjutsufromJiraiya, but his ability to do so is limited.[77]In adulthood, Naruto's chakra is powerful enough to intimidate Kawaki into submission[78]and destroy high-level barriers simply by releasing a burst of it.[79]He could repelShikamaru Nara'sShadow Imitation Technique, a feat that no one else could do.[65]His chakra, when he combined it with hisson'sVanishing Rasengan, turned it into a giganticUltra-Big Ball Rasenganable to kill theempoweredMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiwho tried to use acopyof the technique to defeat his.[80]His chakra reserves were also so vast that he was able to overloadDelta'sAbsorbing Eyewith acontinuousRasengan-assault and still primed to defeat her.[81] Naruto attacking Gaara with his Naruto Uzumaki Two Thousand Combo. While naturally a short-range fighter, Naruto originally was inept attaijutsu, requiring unpredictable attacks to surprise combat experts likeKiba Inuzukaand Neji Hyūga.[82][83]He often utilised shadow clones in large if not massive numbers to simply overwhelm his foes.[84]Although these tactics resumed later, Naruto becomes much more adept at taijutsu due to Jiraiya's training.[85]AfterFukasaku's tutelage, he could fend off a pair of expert kenjutsu users.[86][87][88]Two years after the war, Naruto's taijutsu prowess could best dozens of opponents without shadow clones or enhancements.[21]As Hokage, his taijutsu could pressure Momoshiki after he had absorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki.[80]Naruto could even hold off Delta despite herextreme body modifications, ultimately controlling the pace of the battle to tire her out and gradually overwhelm her[89]to win despite being in the defensive.[81]His speed had also increased to the point where he could effortlessly catch up withKawakiafter he tried to escape from Naruto.[78]Likewise, in the anime, he is proven very resilient, able to take a point-blank blast from Kawaki's modifications unfazed.[90] Naruto's prototype Absorbing Hand. After losing his right arm during his final battle with Sasuke,Tsunadecultured an artificial prosthesis for him using the cells ofHashirama Senju. As his body and the prosthesis arms are only connected through his chakra itself he can easily remove and replace them.[91]After Momoshiki's defeat, Naruto took inspiration from hischakra absorption techniqueand hadKatasuke Tōnoand theScientific Ninja Weapons Teammodifiy the arm further with mechanical features. With it, Naruto is able toneutralise and even absorbenemy techniques, though they have yet to replicate Momoshiki's ability to discharge them as a counterattack.[91] Main articles:Jinchūriki Forms,Nine-Tails Chakra ModeandBaryon Mode Naruto's Version 1 form. Originally as thejinchūrikiofKurama's Yang half, Naruto had access to massive reserves of exceptionally powerful chakra, which was at least a hundredfold greater than Kakashi's.[67]These chakra levels were increased even further when the Yin half of Kurama was reunited with the Yang half inside of Naruto. Due to his inheriting hismother's unique chakra capacities and being Kurama's jinchūriki for essentially his entire life, Naruto's chakra had become naturally compatible with the fox's,[92]allowing him to perform several chakra-taxing techniques unhindered. Originally, he could only access Kurama's chakra in times of great anger. It enhanced Naruto's abilities, but the fox's negative influence made Naruto more aggressive. While essentially remaining himself when accessing aVersion 1state, manifesting four tails would triggerVersion 2state, which made him lose control and would gradually turn into even moreferalforms, requiring outside assistance to suppress Kurama's power and regain control, prompting him to avoid relying on the fox's power whenever possible. By the end of the Fourth Great Shinobi War, he could access his Version 1 form without any loss in his mentality.[93] Naruto transforming from his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode into his Kurama Mode. Realising he could not avoid using Kurama's power, Naruto sought to control it with help fromKiller B, a jinchūriki who had fully mastered the power ofGyūki. Upon succeeding and taking most of Kurama's chakra, Naruto attained theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, which greatly increased his physical parameters. Naruto can also detectnegative emotionsin this mode, and useTailed Beast Chakra Armsfrom any part of his body as he pleases, as well as formTailed Beast Ballsfrom them. As he didn't have Kurama's cooperation, Naruto needed to exercise extreme caution while using the form, as the chakra exchange could cost him his life. Eventually, when Kurama acknowledged Naruto's life-long strength of character and Naruto learned the fox's true name, their new-found friendship granted Naruto access to itsfull power, which further increased his physical parameters and with no drawbacks. This also increased his resilience to such degrees to the point where he could survive theTen-Tails'Tenpenchiiand endure Toneri'sGolden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion— which was able to cut theMoonin half — with no visible signs of damage. This cooperation of Kurama also provides Naruto with an immediate resistance fromgenjutsu. Two years later, he couldstoreKurama's chakra within his arm to deliver powerful punches capable of creating massive craters on the Moon and depower Toneri from hisTenseigan Chakra Modeto his normal state, as well as block the latter's Golden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion. Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode. Failing to transform into a replica of Kurama at first, Naruto instead achieved aTailed Beast Modein the unique form of a life-sized transparent avatar of chakra. In it, he could createTailed Beast Ballsand revitalise the life-forces of any he touches physically or with the avatar,[94][95]heal nearly any wounds,[38]or grant them temporarily chakra-cloaks.[96]After he became the jinchūriki of Kurama's complete self, Naruto is able to manifest the demon fox outside himself for a period akin to summoning, allowing both to fight as separate entities. During the endgame of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Naruto received chakra from the other tailed beasts,[97]which greatly increased his chakra reserves even further and allowed him to access their unique abilities himself, such asShukaku'ssandmanipulation,Saiken'ssoap bubble ninjutsuand ability to emitcorrosive liquids,Chōmei'sscale powder, orGyūki'sink creation, and infuse them into his owntechniques. With the infusion of all nine of the tailed beasts' respective chakra inside of him, Naruto has become a medium to connect all the tailed beasts to communicate with each other[98]and made him a human pillar for thepower of the Ten-Tails.[99] Naruto's Baryon Mode. In the most dire of situations, Naruto is able to access a deep level of Kurama's power,Baryon Mode. In this state, his facial features become even more akin to Kurama with nine blazing chakra tails which he can use in a similar manner to Tailed Beast Chakra Arms to catch and bind opponents or objects anddeflect attacks. He also displayed the ability to use these chakra tails to form a protective shield around something or someone.[100]In a process similar tonuclear fusion, Naruto's andKurama's chakra are consumed as raw materials to produce a new type of energy. When in use, it dramatically boosts Naruto's reflexes, raw might, and chakra to such extreme levels, able to surpass Isshiki's capabilities. Because all chakra is connected, the same power that is produced from bits of their lives also work to reduce the lifespan of opponents on contact. Due to its extreme energy consumption, Naruto must remain focused and not waste energy on extraneous thoughts and actions, to maximise the amount of time he can maintain Baryon Mode.[101]The drawback of this form is the high chance of death for Kurama from the extreme strain of this form. Upon Kurama's death from this form, while Naruto was spared the same fate, he lost access to all of Kurama's chakra and abilities.[102] Naruto using the Summoning Technique. In the Academy, theSexy Techniquewas the only technique that Naruto could perform successfully, which had no practical use other than to shock people. Later, he learned more advanced and useful ninjutsu fromJiraiya. This includedsummoningtoadsfrom Mount Myōboku to assist him, and use them tocrushenemies from above. He became skilled inshurikenjutsu, able to throw weapons quickly and with precision.[103]Naruto's repertoire expanded tofūinjutsu, where he couldstorehis weapons within scrolls. His fūinjutsu was further increased upon receivingGerotoranear the start of the Fourth Shinobi World War.[104]In the anime, Jiraiya taught Narutocooperation ninjutsu, combining his techniques with others to create an even more powerful one.[105]The collaboration techniques he performed with other individuals typically utilised his own elemental affinity, such as theTyphoon Water Vortex TechniquewithYamato, theWind Release: Toad GunwithGamatatsu, and theScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zerowith Sasuke. He also learned fromAsuma Sarutobitoflowchakra into his weapons to increase their offensive might.[106]In the anime, by adulthood, Naruto became able to use theShuriken Shadow Clone Technique,[107]and also showed some proficiency with bōjutsu.[108] Naruto using the Multiple Shadow Clone Technique. See also:Images of Naruto using Shadow Clone TechniqueNaruto's first trademark technique was theShadow Clone Technique. While originally failing constantly with a basic illusionary clone, after briefly studying theScroll of Seals, he learned to create shadow clones on amass scale. From then on, Naruto's skill with shadow clones blossomed to great heights. Having unusually high chakra reserves, Naruto could use this technique to create hundreds of shadow clones and retain large amounts of chakra in each one with relative ease.[109]He could use them to outnumber or deceive his enemies, manoeuvre himself in mid-air, transform into weapons, scout areas, or test an opponent's abilities.[110]During his elemental-affinity training, learning that the original will gain all the knowledge and conditioning of a shadow clone right after it dispersed. From this, Naruto can use his mass scale of clones to drastically speed up his training to gain years worth of experience in just days. By the time he became Hokage, Naruto's usage of this technique on mass-scale and prolonged-periods allowed him to constantly perform multiple simultaneous tasks throughout the village daily, although he does have a tendency to overexert himself, leaving him exhausted afterwards. Naruto using the Rasengan. Naruto's second trademark technique is theRasengan. Originally, due to his poor chakra control, Naruto had to use a shadow clone to form the spherical shape while he provided the chakra. Over time, Naruto developedlargerversionsof the Rasengan and learned how to perform it faster.[111]During the Fourth Shinobi World War, he learned to use the Rasengan and its variants unaided with a single hand, or even form one in both hands simultaneously.[112]He also increased the size of his standard Rasengan.[113]Naruto had also shown the ability to release the Rasengan as an energy wave,[21]or as a projectile in the anime.[114]Using senjutsu or Kurama's chakra, Naruto can createmorepowerfulandelaboratevariationsof the Rasengan; using the latter, he even developed theSuper Mini-Tailed Beast Ball, performing it in a similar manner to the Rasengan. In the anime, usage of his tailed beast chakra also allows him to instantly perform massive Rasengan without the aid of his hands and launch in quick successions, similar to aTailed Beast Ball.[115] Naruto simultaneously using Wind and Lava Release. Naruto's natural affinity isWind Release. Using shadow clones, one to form the Rasengan while another infuses the Wind chakra, Naruto could complete difficult task of producing a Rasengan that is the pinnacle of shape and nature transformation, something no one before him could accomplish, including Kakashi and his father. Once adjusting to using theWind Release: Rasenganhe could expand upon it to produce theWind Release: Rasenshuriken. He also createddifferent-sizedvariations, and could even usetwo Rasenshurikensimultaneously. Two years after its creation, he became skilled enough to form a Rasenshuriken without any shadow clones and throw it in his base form,[21]a feat which he previously could only do while using his enhanced modes. After acquiringSix Pathsabilities,[116]Naruto gains access to all five basicnature transformations, as well asYang Release.[117]He could also utilizeYin–Yang Release, making perfect use of it to revitalize life-forces, heal whomever he touches, and restore missing organs.[118]After gaining chakra from the respective tailed beasts, Naruto can also useShukaku'sMagnet Release,Son Gokū'sLava Release, andKokuō'sBoil Release, able to infuse any of the other elements into is normal techniques as seamlessly as with Wind chakra. Having an arm made from Hashirama's cells, Naruto has a possibility to useWood Release.[119] Naruto's Sage Mode. Naruto later trained insenjutsuat Mount Myōboku, which was only possible due to his high chakra reserves. UnlikeJiraiya, he was able to perfectly balancenatural energywith his chakra, and enter a completeSage Mode, symbolised by the orange pigmentation around his yellow eyes, his toad-like pupils, and no other alterations to his appearance. Using Sage Mode made Naruto's techniques stronger, enhanced his physical parameters,[120][121][122]utilise theFrog Katataijutsu style,[123]andsensechakra through advanced enough to identify different signatures from vast distances.[124]SinceFukasakuwas unable tofusewith Naruto and gather natural energy for him due to Kurama's interference, Naruto had to employ shadow clones instead to maintain the technique, taking advantage of the clones' own buildup of natural energy being transferred to the original and let him useSage Modea number of times. However, creating more than five shadow clones overall would disrupt the focus of the clones gathering natural energy. The need for this method diminishes over time as Naruto became capable of entering Sage Mode much faster.[125]However, after finding unity withKurama, Naruto overcame this problem and learned to combine Sage Mode with Kurama's chakra to further enhance his abilities, such that he could resistNagato's control and shatterTruth-Seeking Balls. In later years, having drawn experience from his various events, Naruto became able to maintain Sage Mode for much longer durations unaided.[126] Main article:Six Paths SenjutsuNaruto also gained access to theSix Paths Senjutsu(六道仙術,Rikudō Senjutsu), which allows him to fly and also manifest up to nineTruth-Seeking Balls, composed of all five basicnatures, use Yin–Yang Release, and imbue them with theSix Paths Chakra. He can mould the balls into a myriad of shapes, fire them as projectiles and still control them from distance, or convert them into Tailed Beast Balls and use them to createTailed Beast Ball Rasenshurikenscapable of destroying the planetoids generated fromChibaku Tensei. While his shadow clones are unable to produce Truth-Seeking Balls of their own, Naruto is able to transfer control of his own to any of his shadow clones. Main article:Six Paths Sage Mode Naruto's Six Paths Sage Mode. With the power given to him byHagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained access to theSix Paths Sage Mode(六道仙人モード,Rikudō Sennin Mōdo).[5]In this mode, his pupils take on a cross-like shape — without manifesting the orange pigmentation around his eyes present in Sage Mode. Going further, Naruto donned a new Nine-Tails Chakra Mode cloak, which he could access instantly and maintain much longer than his standard Sage Mode.[127]Naruto's physical attributes and techniques are further augmented,[128]to the point where he could dodgeattacksthat moved at the speed of light and deflect Truth-Seeking Balls. It also empowers his sensory abilities to the highest possible level,[129]which allowed him to sense theinvisible shadowsof Limbo. Naruto's Asura Kurama Mode. Naruto also retained use of his Tailed Beast Mode avatar of Kurama, which rivalled Sasuke's Rinnegan-empoweredComplete Body — Susanooin size and power.[130]Using two shadow clones, he could create and combine three Kurama avatars into a single construct with three faces and six arms, which is largely reminiscent of Asura'sSix Paths: Kunitsukami.[131]This state allowed Naruto to infusetwo massive Rasenshurikenwith natural energy whose destructive capabilities rivalled that of Sasuke's most powerful jutsu,Indra's Arrow;[132]theresulting explosionfrom the two techniques colliding created an enormous cyclone that was visible from outer space.[133] Naruto reveals himself after disguising as a Wind Release: Rasenshuriken. While headstrong and often acting without thinking, Naruto's years as a prankster had given him a cunning imagination that was useful in split-second decision making, which has repeatedly proved invaluable in battle. He is a remarkabletactile learner, able to learn better through executing a task rather than understanding the theory of it.[134][25]Jiraiya also considered him to have a good gambling instinct.[135]Once seen in action, even the likes of the Second Hokage revise their thoughts about Naruto's intellect and instinct in battle.[136]After meeting Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained the innate ability to grasp the nature of chakra and comprehend all universal things,[137]allowing him to quickly master the new powers he received. By adulthood he had become a capable teacher, instructing students at Konoha'sNinja Academy.[138][139]During his fight withDelta, Naruto showed his ability to think ahead by hiding his power and faking defeat in order to make Delta drop her guard and reveal her plans, although Delta was perceptive enough to see through his attempts. Naruto ultimately was able to find out the weakness of Delta'sShinobi-Wareabsorbing eye and overtax it after seeing it in action repeatedly.[81] Naruto's most famous mental skill is to deceive his opponents, as he made effective use of even the mostsimple techniquesto trick thedeadliest of opponents.[140]He could formulate multi-step plans or backup plans in the thick of battle,[141]and act quickly even when given new information.[142]He can also seemingly make himself predictable by creating a pattern, only to throw off his opponent by breaking it. He has even thrown in what others would callcompletely useless techniquesatpowerful opponentsto create an opening for a counterattack.[143]Naruto is rather observant, able to notice details others may overlook and subsequently take advantage of them to overcome his opponents.[144]As an adult, Naruto proved to be a capable teacher in ninjutsu, quickly teaching the basics toKawaki. See also:Plot of Naruto Main article:Prologue — Land of Waves Naruto is protected by Iruka. Failing once again to graduate from theAcademy, a disappointed Naruto is advised by one of his instructors,Mizuki, to steal theScroll of Sealsand learn a technique from it in order to graduate. As Naruto struggled to learn theShadow Clone Technique,Iruka Uminotracked him down and realised that Naruto was tricked by Mizuki into stealing the scroll. Mizuki attacked them and told Naruto about the Nine-Tails sealed within him, claiming that Iruka hated him because of it. When Iruka risked his life to protect Naruto, however, he saw through Mizuki's lies and used theMultiple Shadow Clone Techniqueto defeat him, prompting Iruka to happily grant Naruto his graduation from the Academy. Naruto would later befriendKonohamaru Sarutobi, grandson of theThird Hokage, and teach him several perverted or useful techniques. Team 7's group photo. Naruto was eventually assigned toTeam 7, partnered withSasuke UchihaandSakura Harunounder the leadership ofKakashi Hatake. During their first meeting, Naruto shared his love of ramen, his hobbies, and his dream to become Hokage. To test their qualifications, Kakashi gave the team abell test, stating that whichever of the three takes one of the two bells on his person will officially becomegenin. Instead of hiding like Sakura and Sasuke, Naruto tried to take the bells from Kakashi by force, only to be easily defeated, hung upside-down from a tree and tied to a wooden post in an attempt to steal lunch. After Sakura and Sasuke fail as well, Kakashi explains that the goal of the test was to use teamwork, to do together what none of them could do by themselves. He is persuaded to allow them to try again after lunch, but instructs Sasuke and Sakura not to feed Naruto. They feed him anyway, needing him in top-form if they're to work together. Kakashi sees this and, because they care more about the team than listening to his instructions, allows them all to pass. Naruto and Sasuke team up against Zabuza. After a series of uneventfulD-rankmissions, Naruto is able to secure aC-rankmission for Team 7: escortingTazunato theLand of Waves. Soon after leaving Konoha, they are attacked by theDemon Brothers. Naruto is paralysed with fear, forcing Sasuke to step in to disarm them and protect Tazuna until Kakashi can capture them. Tazuna confesses that assassins have been hired to kill him but that he couldn't afford the bodyguard detail he needs. Although the mission is nowA-rankin nature - far beyond the skill of genin - Team 7 decides to continue with it. Angered by Sasuke's taunting of him, Naruto cuts his hand to bleed out the poison he received earlier, vowing to never waver again. When they arrive in theLand of Wavesand are confronted byZabuza Momochi, Naruto is overwhelmed by the battle between Kakashi and Zabuza before he is knocked aside by Zabuza'swater clone. Remembering his vow, Naruto regained his confidence and teamed up with Sasuke to free Kakashi from Zabuza'sWater Prison. In the end, Zabuza is seemingly killed byHaku, allowing Team 7 to escort Tazuna back to his house. Kakashi finds Zabuza's death suspicious and decides to train the team in case he returns. He has them perform theTree Climbing Practiceto improve their chakra control, which will help them against Zabuza. Naruto becomes frustrated after several failures and asks for advice from Sakura, who herself mastered it from the start. Now rapidly improving, Naruto competes with Sasuke to finish the training, each determined to outdo the other. One day, Naruto encounters Haku (albeit unaware of his true identity) and they each discussed their dreams and desire to protect those precious to them. After Haku leaves, Naruto finishes the training with Sasuke but is left exhausted, so Team 7 leaves him behind the next morning as they resume their escort duties. Naruto awakens and arrives to assist Team 7 in fighting Zabuza and Haku, but, unaware of how Haku'sDemonic Mirroring Ice Crystalswork, he joins Sasuke within the prison. Naruto's first use of the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto cannot break free with his shadow clones and Sasuke cannot melt the ice with his fire. As Haku moves in to kill Naruto, Sasuke uses his body as a shield to protect Naruto and seemingly dies. Enraged by Sasuke's apparent death, Naruto unwittingly accesses theNine-Tails' chakrafor the first time, allowing him to destroy the ice mirrors and defeat Haku, breaking his mask. Realising his opponent was the boy he met before, Naruto calms himself. He is asked by Haku to kill him, since he feels of no further use to Zabuza. Before Naruto can do so, Haku immediately stops him and goes off to save Zabuza from being killed by Kakashi, sacrificing his own life. When Zabuza refuses to appreciate this, Naruto angrily scolds him, stating that Haku gave up his life to save someone precious to him. Touched by his words, Zabuza, using Naruto's kunai, killed Gatō and many of his henchmen before he himself dies. Sasuke soon awakens, and when their injuries heal, Team 7 leaves for home via Tazuna's newly-constructedGreat Naruto Bridge. Main article:Chūnin Exams Naruto refuses to give up from the Chūnin Exams. Team 7 resumes its series of unremarkable missions. For their performance in the Land of Waves, however, Kakashi decides to enter them in theChūnin Examstaking place in Konoha, which greatly excites Naruto. Because they've only recently graduated from the Academy, the three feel they must give strong showings to prove themselves. When they enter the exam hall, the team is met byRock Lee, who challenges Sasuke to a fight; Naruto tries to attack Lee in jealousy, but is easily swept aside. The fight is interrupted byMight Guy, after which Naruto notes that the bandages around Lee's arms signify his arduous taijutsu training while also mocking Sasuke for his unability to best Lee. During the exam's first stage, the participating genin are given a written test, the goal of which is to cheat without getting caught. Unaware of this, Naruto struggles to answer the questions, soHinata Hyūga, who is seated next to him, offers to let him copy off her paper. Despite the temptation, Naruto declined Hinata's offer, claiming that he isn't the type to cheat and that they might be disqualified if they are caught. Before the tenth question can be given, the genin are presented with the opportunity to forfeit; Naruto refuses to do so, declaring his refusal to give up and his goal to still become Hokage. His determination to face the tenth question despite the potential consequences inspires the rest of the genin to do the same, and so they pass the first stage. It is later noted that he was the only one to hand in a blank sheet, though this did not prevent him from passing. Naruto saves Sasuke from Orochimaru's snake. For the second phase, teams enter theForest of Deathwith the objective of obtaining a set of two scrolls, one of which they are given at the start. Naruto becomes separated from his team and is attacked and swallowed by a giant snake. He manages to kill it and regroups with his frightened teammates againstOrochimaru. Angered by Sasuke's sudden cowardice and resignation, Naruto engages Orochimaru using the Nine-Tails' chakra, defeats his giant snake, and taunts Sasuke before Orochimarusuppressesthe Nine-Tails' chakra, rendering Naruto unconscious. After he awakens, Team 7 continues its search for the second scroll, which they eventually gain by defeatingTeam Oboro, allowing them to pass the second stage. Naruto defeats Kiba. In the preliminary matches of the exam, Naruto was pitted againstKiba Inuzukaand his dog,Akamaru. Believing the match to be an easy victory, Kiba and Akamaru overwhelmed Naruto with many high-speed attacks, so Naruto tricks Kiba into knocking Akamaru out of the fight by using theTransformation Technique, shocking all spectators. Naruto then disorients Kiba by farting in his face and defeats him with theNaruto Uzumaki Combo(which he invented from watching Sasuke'sLion Combo). When Neji and Hinata's match begins, Naruto is enraged by Neji's ruthless tirade against Hinata and cheers Hinata on to defeat Neji. Although Hinata is defeated, Naruto wipes up her blood and vows to defeat Neji in the finals. Naruto meets the Nine-Tails. During the month of training, Naruto first meetsJiraiya(who knocked outEbisu, Naruto's original teacher) and trains under theSanninto improve his chakra control. Recognising Naruto as the Nine-Tails' jinchūriki, Jiraiyaremovesthe seal Orochimaru had placed on Naruto to ease his control and begins teaching him how to use the Nine-Tails' power bysummoningtoads. To accelerate Naruto's slow progress, Jiraiya pushes him over a cliff, causing Naruto to enter his subconscious and meet the Nine-Tails. Working past his fear, he bravely demands chakra from it as ""rent"" for living in his body. The Nine-Tails complies and Naruto summonsGamabunta, though he exhausts himself and ends up in thehospital, where he is visited byShikamaru Nara. After talking, he and Naruto stopGaarafrom killingRock Leein the next room and listen to Gaara's story of his childhood, which Naruto finds very similar to his own. Gaara prepares to kill them, butMight Guyintervenes and forces Gaara to retreat. On the day of the finals, Naruto meets Hinata at theThird Training Groundand expresses his doubts about his upcoming match with Neji. Hinata reassures Naruto that he never gave up because he always had the strength to overcome his own failures, admiring him for it. Reinvigorated, Naruto thanks Hinata and tells her even though he first thought she was weird, he now likes her. Naruto vs. Neji. Facing Neji in the first match of the finals, Naruto began by creating shadow clones to overwhelm Neji's with sheer numbers. Deeming Naruto a failure who could never defeat a genius like himself, Neji easily defeats Naruto's clones and seals his chakra withEight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms. Determined to prove Neji's ideals about fate wrong, Naruto tapped into the Nine-Tails' chakra and, revitalised, clashed with Neji. When the smoke cleared, Neji emerges and Naruto lies defeated. This, however, was only a shadow clone, and the real Naruto burst from the ground beneath Neji, defeating him with an uppercut. Before he is declared the winner, Naruto tells Neji that creating clones was once his shortcoming and that Neji needs to stop believing in inescapable fate. When Sasuke finally arrives for his match with Gaara, Naruto is envious of Sasuke's improvements, but is laterput to sleepalong with most of the audience, commencing theKonoha Crush. Main article:Konoha Crush Naruto saves Sasuke from Gaara. Sakura wakes up Naruto so they can pursue Sasuke, who was pursuing Gaara himself. They arrive in time for Naruto to kick Gaara away before he can kill Sasuke. Partially transformed intoShukaku, Gaara knocks Sakura unconscious and binds her to a tree, forcing Naruto to battle him, with little success. Naruto relates to Gaara's painful life as a jinchūriki, but he is not willing to let anything to happen to Sakura and Sasuke. Determined to protect his friends, Naruto creates an army of shadow clones torelentlessly batterGaara, forcing him tofully transforminto Shukaku, to which Naruto responds by summoning Gamabunta. Naruto defeats Gaara. Gaaraputs himself to sleepto give control of his body to Shukaku, forcing Naruto and Gamabunta to figure out a way to end the jutsu. They do so bytransforminginto a giant fox (the Nine-Tails in the anime) to restrain Shukaku, allowing Naruto to awaken Gaara with a solid punch to the face. Shukaku's influence disappears, but Gaara regains control and traps Naruto with his sand. Naruto escapes by tapping into the Nine-Tails' chakra, and headbutts Gaara when he is close enough, destroying Shukaku's form. Exhausted from the fight, the two leap at each other for one final exchange, and Naruto punches Gaara, claiming victory. Naruto and Gaara fell to the ground, unable to move. Slowly crawling towards Gaara, Naruto explained that he also suffered a painful and lonely life, but was later saved by having friends. To that end, he will do anything to protect them, even if it means killing Gaara. Understanding Naruto's true strength, Gaara retreated withKankurōandTemariwith a new outlook on life, while Naruto passes out from exhaustion and is returned to Konoha with Sasuke and a rescued Sakura. A few days later, Team 7 attended theThird Hokage's funeral. Main article:Search for TsunadeJiraiya is tasked with findingTsunade, a candidate for Fifth Hokage, and convinces Naruto to accompany him by promising to teach him a technique stronger than Sasuke'sChidori. Stopping at an inn inShukuba Town, Naruto was approached byKisame HoshigakiandItachi UchihaofAkatsuki, who intend to capture the Nine-Tails. When Sasuke shows up and furiously attacks Itachi, Naruto gathers the Nine-Tails' chakra to help Sasuke, but it is absorbed by Kisame'sSamehada. Jiraiya soon arrives and drives off Itachi and Kisame, but Sasuke is left mentally and physically damaged by Itachi.Might Guyappears and takes Sasuke back to Konoha, but not before giving Naruto a spare green jumpsuit. Naruto and Tsunade face-off. To prepare for the next encounter with Akatsuki, Naruto begins learning theRasengan, completing two of its three learning steps. Taking a break from training, Naruto and Jiraiya eventually found Tsunade and her assistantShizuneat a restaurant. When Tsunade refuses the offer to become Hokage and insults all who held the title, an angry Naruto challenged her to a fight and attacked her with an incomplete Rasengan, only to be easily defeated. Impressed by his progress, however, Tsunade makes a bet with Naruto: if he can master the Rasengan in a week, he gets theFirst Hokage's Necklace; if not, she gets hiswallet. Naruto agreed and spent the week trying to perfect the Rasengan, but has no success and collapses from exhaustion. Once he recovers, Naruto heads out with Jiraiya and Shizune to stop Tsunade from meeting with Orochimaru. Naruto defeats Kabuto. They arrive to see Tsunade, who never intended to aid Orochimaru, in the midst of battle withKabuto Yakushi. When Tsunade is incapacitated, Naruto fights Kabuto in her place and eventually defeats him with a perfected Rasengan, which he formed by using a shadow clone. Naruto collapses almost immediately afterwards, his heart muscles torn by Kabuto, but Tsunade successfully manages to heal him, gives him the necklace he wins, and accepts the position of Hokage. After Orochimaru and Kabuto are defeated, Naruto and the others return to Konoha, Tsunade confidently believing Naruto would someday become a great Hokage. Main article:Land of Tea Escort Mission Main article:Sasuke Recovery Mission Naruto promises Sakura to return Sasuke to Konoha. Naruto visits a recovering Sasuke at the hospital, but is immediately challenged to a fight, to which Naruto eventually agrees. The fight escalates quickly, culminating with Naruto using Rasengan and Sasuke using Chidori. Kakashi arrives and deflects their attacks into opposing water towers before they can clash, Naruto unknowingly doing more damage than Sasuke. Distressed by Sasuke's behaviour, Sakura informs Naruto of the cursed seal Sasuke received from Orochimaru, though Naruto assures Sakura that Sasuke would never abandon Konoha for power. Unfortunately, Sasuke does just that and Naruto joins theSasuke Recovery Teamin order to bring him back; he promises a tearful Sakura to do so before he leaves. En route to Sasuke, the team encounters members of theSound Four, each of which battles a member of the recovery team, while Naruto engagesKimimaro. Overwhelmed by Kimimaro's taijutsu skills, Naruto is saved at the last minute by Rock Lee, who volunteers to fight Kimimaro while Naruto heads after Sasuke. Naruto fights Sasuke. Naruto finally meets Sasuke at theValley of the End. His pleas for Sasuke to come back to Konoha and warns him that Orochimaru willtake his body, but his pleadings fall on deaf ears. Naruto starts attacking him, ready to take him back to Konoha by force if necessary. Undeterred, Sasuke responds by tapping into his cursed seal and landing a series of heavy blows on Naruto. It becomes painfully clear to Naruto that Sasuke is fighting with an intent to kill, so Naruto utilises the Nine-Tails' chakra to overpower Sasuke. Naruto says that Sasuke is like a brother to him and that he will do anything to protect that bond. Sasuke vows to sever that bond, but acknowledges Naruto as an equal by putting on his forehead protector. They continue trading blows, with Naruto eventually manifesting afox-shaped cloakand Sasuke entering hiscursed seal's second level. Naruto clashes his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, and within the dome of resulting energy they trade final blows: Sasuke punches Naruto and Naruto scratches Sasuke's forehead protector. Naruto defeated by Sasuke. When the energy dissipates, Naruto lies defeated, but Sasuke spares him and continues his way to Orochimaru, leaving his scratched forehead protector behind. Kakashi andPakkunarrive late and failing to retrieve Sasuke, leave with Naruto. In the hospital, Naruto once again promises Sakura to bring Sasuke back one day. Soon after, Jiraiya arrived with an offer to train Naruto for preparation against Orochimaru and Akatsuki in three years and to give up on Sasuke, as he is no different from Orochimaru. Naruto accepts Jiraiya's training, but refuses to give up on Sasuke, satisfying Jiraiya. See also:Plot of Naruto Naruto leaving Konoha. As in the manga, Naruto later departs with Jiraiya to begin his two and a half years of training, after making a determined gesture at the Fourth Hokage's statue. In the anime, this does not happen until about 3 months later as Jiraiya was occupied with important intel gathering about Akatsuki for Konohagakure. During the waiting period, Tsunade gives Naruto several missions with members of theKonoha 11to keep him busy. Naruto training with the Big Ball Rasengan. In the anime, shortly after leaving Konoha, Jiraiya and Naruto discuss the fact that Naruto will need to learn how to counter genjutsu if he hopes to be a match against Sasuke the next time they meet. Naruto practises withGamarikito dispel genjutsu, but he struggles with it and his chakra keeps hitting Gamariki, who doesn't appreciate it. Naruto follows Jiraiya to theGenjutsu Tree Villageto try a different approach, but they discover the village has been taken over byKandachi.[145]They free the villagers and then attack Kandachi, who Naruto eventually defeats with his newly-createdBig Ball Rasengan. As they leave afterwards, Jiraiya is pleased by how similar Naruto is toMinato Namikazeand hugs him, which Naruto is bothered by.[146] Main article:In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' PathsTwo years into their training, Naruto's control of the Nine-Tails' chakra has improved significantly. Jiraiya tries to give him more access to the Nine-Tails' power and usesGerotorato weaken Naruto'sEight Trigrams Sealing Style. Seizing the opportunity, the Nine-Tails mocked Naruto for his inability to save Sasuke, using Naruto's negative emotions to force him to enter aversion 2form with four tails. Not in control of his body, Naruto attacks Jiraiya and nearly kills him before he manages to suppress the Nine-Tails. Naruto has no memory of what happened and Jiraiya doesn't tell him, instead, shifting Naruto's training to other pursuits, including keeping his anger in check so that the Nine-Tails won't flare up again.[147] See also:Plot of Naruto: Shippūden Main article:Kazekage Rescue Mission Naruto returns to Konohagakure. Naruto and Jiraiya return to Konoha after two-and-a-half years of training, where Naruto becomes surprised by Tsunade's newly-formed statue onHokage Rock. He greets his old friends afterwards: he gives Kakashi a copy ofIcha Icha Tacticsas a gift; he catches up with Sakura, whom he has become taller than; he gets back into a competition ofSexy TechniqueswithKonohamaru Sarutobi, only to be violently reprimanded by Sakura. Kakashi reforms Team 7 with them and gives them anotherbell test, but unlike last time, taking the bells from him is the real objective. As with last time, Naruto launches a first attack before the test officially begins, but this time it nearly succeeds. Despite their improved abilities, Naruto and Sakura were still unable to get a bell through conventional means, and it was only by Naruto's threat to spoil the latestIcha Ichanovel that they distracted Kakashi long enough to take the bells. While Team 7 tries without success to find a mission to go on that Naruto won't complain about, word reaches Konoha thatAkatsukihas kidnappedGaara, theKazekage. Team 7 is sent to Sunagakure to assist in rescuing Gaara. On their way to Suna, Naruto explains that Gaara was kidnapped because he is thejinchūrikiof theOne-Tail, just as Naruto is the jinchūriki of theNine-Tails. Upon arrival in Suna, Naruto defends Kakashi fromChiyo's assault when she mistakes him for his father. Team 7 gathers what intel they can on Gaara's kidnappers and leave to go after them; Chiyo volunteers to escort them since they aren't familiar with the country around Suna. Naruto promises a recoveringKankurōto rescue Gaara before they leave. Naruto pummels Deidara. While en route to an Akatsuki lair, they are confronted byItachi Uchiha, who traps Naruto in a genjutsu. Sakura and Chiyo release him, allowing Naruto to team up with Kakashi and defeat Itachi with aBig Ball Rasengan. The Itachi is discovered to be animpostor, so they continue to the Akatsuki lair, meeting up withTeam Guy, who takes down the barrier over the entrance so that Team 7 can get in. They find Gaara's body finds with his kidnappers,DeidaraandSasori. Deidara flies off with Gaara's body with Naruto and Kakashi in pursuit, leaving Sasori to Chiyo and Sakura. Naruto, enraged, makes repeated failed attempts to rescue Gaara before he is calmed by Kakashi, who uses his newMangekyō Sharinganto distract Deidara withKamui. Naruto retrieves Gaara's body, but seeing it drives him over the edge: he furiously attacks Deidara and beats him mercilessly into the ground. Discovering that it was aClay Clone, Naruto slips into histwo-tailedform in rage, but is restored to normal by Kakashi via theChakra-Suppressing Seal. Gaara awakens, with Naruto by his side. Deidara escapes, while Naruto and Kakashi regroup with Sakura, Chiyo, and Team Guy. Sakura attempts to revive Gaara, but theremovalof Shukaku has caused him to die. Naruto breaks down in tears and angrily lashes out at Chiyo, saying she had no right to make Gaara not only a jinchūriki, but also lose his life because of it. As atonement and with Naruto's aid, Chiyo sacrifices her life to revive Gaara; as the jutsu nears completion, Chiyo voices her faith in Naruto's ability to save Gaara and to become Hokage. Naruto greets Gaara when he awakens, and a few days later, Teams 7 and Guy attend Chiyo's funeral in Suna. Before returning home, Naruto and Gaara shake hands (Gaara using his sand) as a sign of their close relationship. Main article:Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission Naruto and Sai's first encounter. During her fight with Sasori, Sakura learned of an opportunity to meet with a spy in Orochimaru's ranks in a few days' time, hoping it will lead them to Sasuke. Kakashi is left bedridden from his fight with Deidara, soYamatoleads Team 7 as his replacement. Replacing Sasuke on the team isSai, whom Naruto actually encounters earlier and dislikes, declaring him an inferior version of Sasuke. Sai is happy for this distinction and proceeds to degrade Sasuke for defecting from Konoha, forcing Yamato to use hisWood Releaseto break up their fight. Naruto is constantly exasperated by Sai's lack of empathy and his ridicule of Sasuke, but resolves to work with Sai if it means saving Sasuke. Team 7 confronts Orochimaru and Kabuto. Yamato disguises himself as Sasori and goes to theTenchi Bridgeto meet the spy while Naruto, Sakura, and Sai hide nearby. The spy,Kabuto Yakushi, begins telling Yamato about Orochimaru's organisation, but they are interrupted by the arrival of Orochimaru, who teams up with Kabuto to fight Yamato, having intended to kill Sasori. Team 7 comes to his aid and Orochimaru, recognising them, taunts Naruto about Sasuke. Naruto is enraged and strikes him, using hisversion 1form to make his attacks more devastating. Naruto's rage intensifies as he submits to the Nine-Tails' influence: he destroys the Tenchi Bridge and eventually advances to hisversion 2form while fighting Orochimaru. Naruto is soon forced back to the destroyed bridge, where, unable to tell friend from foe, he unknowingly attacks Sakura when she approaches him. A four-tailed Naruto attacks Orochimaru with Tailed Beast Ball. Yamato restrains Naruto with his Wood Release and suppresses the Nine-Tails' influence, but its chakra leaves Naruto's body badly damaged. After Sakura heals him, Naruto wakes up unable to remember what happened, but is surprised by the devastated landscape. When they realise that Sai is missing, Yamato reports that he has joined with Orochimaru and Kabuto. On the way, Yamato secretly takes Naruto aside and tells him that he is the one who attacked Sakura. He encourages Naruto to use his own strength instead of the Nine-Tails in order to protect his loved ones. The team locates Sai, whom Yamato has placed atraceon, at Orochimaru's lair and capture him. Restrained, Sai asks why Naruto is determined to save him; Naruto replies that his bond with Sasuke is too precious to be broken and that he will do anything to protect it. Intrigued, Sai switches sides, helping them capture Kabuto and then searching the base for Sasuke on Naruto's behalf. While he's gone, Yamato goes through his belongings and finds evidence that Sai has been assigned to assassinate Sasuke. Naruto encounters Sasuke. When they find Sai, he explains that he truly does want to help retrieve Sasuke, and in fact has already found him: Naruto and Sakura are speechless to see Sasuke again. Sasuke reacts with indifference to them, but Naruto remarks he can't become Hokage without saving his friend. To demonstrate that they mean nothing to him, Sasuke quickly neutralises them all. As Naruto struggles to avoid the temptation of using the Nine-Tails, Sasuke suddenly appears in Naruto's subconscious using his Sharingan and suppresses the Nine-Tails. He then prepares to kill them, but is persuaded not to by Orochimaru and leaves without further comment. Naruto is upset at having failed once more to bring Sasuke home, but is reminded by Sakura that they need to become stronger and Team 7 returns to Konoha. Main article:Twelve Guardian Ninja (Arc) Main article:Akatsuki Suppression Mission Naruto training with his clones. Once Kakashi is done recuperating in the hospital, he assembles Naruto, Sakura, and Sai to discuss their failed mission to retrieve Sasuke. Kakashi believes the best way to match Sasuke is for Naruto to create a newjutsu. As the training began, Naruto discovers that hisnatureiswindand learns to use the wind nature. Ordinarily, such training would take months or years, but Kakashi advises that Naruto, by training alongside hundreds ofshadow clonescan do the same training in a mere fraction of the time. With Kakashi's instructions and the training grounds created by Yamato, Naruto quickly masters how to use the wind nature. The next step is more difficult for him: combining that nature with theRasengan. Naruto defeats Kakuzu. Like Kakashi andMinato Namikazebefore him, Naruto fails several times in trying to combine his nature with the Rasengan; his frustration evokes the Nine-Tails' chakra at times, which Yamato suppresses. With further advice from Kakashi, Naruto finds his solution using two shadow clones: one helps him form the Rasengan and the other adds his wind nature. When they receive news that Asuma died in battle with members ofAkatsuki, they take a break to attend Asuma's funeral. Kakashi leaves Yamato in charge of overseeing Naruto's training so he could helpTeam 10avenge Asuma. Having finished his jutsu, Naruto and Team Yamato went to provide assistance, arriving in time to save Kakashi and Team 10 fromKakuzu. Naruto engages Kakuzu alone with his newly-createdWind Release: Rasenshuriken, though it dissipates on its first use and Naruto is rescued by Kakashi and Yamato. The technique succeeds the second time, destroying two of Kakuzu's hearts and putting the last one on the brink of failure. Kakashi finishes off Kakuzu and they return to Konoha. The Rasenshuriken injures Naruto's arm after use and he is forbidden to use the technique ever again. When they visit Ichiraku Ramen, Naruto has a hard time eating while his arm mends, so Sakura opts to help, before the responsibility falls to Sai, then to Kakashi. As they leave afterwards, they are met by Konohamaru, who demonstrates hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique; Naruto approves but Sakura is disgusted and violently reprimands him. In the manga, Konohamaru responds withSexy: Boy on Boy Technique; Sakura approves but Naruto is disgusted and violently reprimands him. Main article:Three-Tails' Appearance Main article:Itachi Pursuit Mission The Eight Man Squad formed to pursue Itachi and Sasuke. News reaches Konoha that Sasuke has killed Orochimaru. Realising that this is a good opportunity to try once again to reunite with Sasuke, Kakashi combines Teams 7 and 8 into anEight Man Squadwith the mission to find either Sasuke or his assumed target, Itachi. When they split up to search, Naruto, because he's a target of Akatsuki, is given a protective escort in the form of Hinata, Yamato, andBull. Their group encounters Kabuto, who offers them intel on Akatsuki and its members, his thanks to Naruto ""inspiring"" him to overcome Orochimaru after absorbing his remains. Kabuto then escapes. Main article:Tale of Jiraiya the Gallant Naruto and Itachi converse. After regrouping andKiba Inuzukadetects Sasuke's trail, Naruto creates shadow clones to search the area faster, one of which encounters Itachi. Itachi repels Naruto's attacks and insists he only wants to talk. He asks Naruto what Sasuke means to him and what he will do if Sasuke ever moves against Konoha. Naruto replies that he is Sasuke's brother – a better brother than Itachi is – and that if Sasuke ever attacks the village he will defend it without killing Sasuke. Itachi is happy with this answer and gives Naruto some assistance for this purpose: aspecial crowthat he stores within Naruto's body. Itachi left, and Naruto continued his search, eventually finding Sasuke.[148] As they near Sasuke's location they are intercepted byTobiof Akatsuki, who prevents them from progressing and who is invulnerable to their attacks. Main article:Fated Battle Between BrothersAs the group continually tries to attack Tobi, he dodges the attacks with ease. Naruto tries several times to attack him with his Rasengan, but without success. Tobi attempts to use a hidden jutsu to attack the teams, but fails at it. Eventually, Zetsu comes to tell him about Sasuke and Itachi's fight. Tobi leaves when he receives news that Sasuke has killed Itachi, and Teams 7 and 8 try to reach Sasuke before he does. Unable to find where Tobi has taken Sasuke, they are forced to return to Konoha. Main article:Six-Tails Unleashed Main article:Pain's Assault Naruto mourns Jiraiya's death. As Naruto contemplated his meeting with Itachi, he was called to theHokage Residenceto hear sombre news: his master Jiraiya was killed byPain, the leader of Akatsuki. Grief-stricken, Naruto blamed Tsunade and spent the day mourning his teacher's death, depressed that Jiraiya cannot see him become Hokage. After being comforted byIrukaandShikamaru, Naruto helped to decipher Jiraiya's dying message and eventually they succeed. Understanding that Jiraiya had bought him time for his own fight with Pain, Naruto went to train with the toads ofMount Myōbokuto learnsenjutsu. Naruto trained to harmonise with nature, a process he sped up by using a limited number of shadow clones. He rapidly progressed through the training stages and attained a perfectSage Mode, which Jiraiya was unable to do. News ofPain's Assaulton Konoha reached them, they began to mobilise for battle. Naruto arrives to fight Pain. As Naruto,Fukasaku,Gamaken,Gamahiro,Gamabunta, andGamakichiwere summoned to the centre of Konoha, the group was confronted by theSix Paths of Pain, who had just destroyed the village. After destroying theAsura Pathbefore it could attack Tsunade, Naruto told her to make sure everyone left the battle to him. After a brief skirmish withAnimal Path, Naruto and the toads defeated the Animal,Preta, andHuman Pathsbefore running out of senjutsu chakra. Naruto revealed that he had two shadow clones waiting back atMount Myōbokuto revitalise him with natural energy. Naruto went back on the offensive, dispatching the healed Preta and Naraka Path before the Deva Path regained its full power. Pain killed Fukasaku and used the opportunity to capture Naruto, pinning him down to the ground. Naruto succumbs completely to the Nine-Tails' influence. With Naruto restrained, Pain opened up his reasons for Akatsuki, their plan for the tailed beasts, and the peaceful world he wanted to create. Though Naruto rejected his notion that using a weapon to force peace, he could offer no alternative. Before Pain could depart with Naruto, he was attacked byHinata Hyūga. Declaring her love for Naruto and vowing to protect him, she continued to fight against Pain before she was subdued and critically wounded. Believing Hinata to had been killed, an enraged Naruto erupted into hissix-tailed form. Resisting theFirst Hokage's Necklace's attempted to quell the transformation and destroying it, the Nine-Tails attacked Pain, forcing him out of the village to get close enough to his actual body to use theChibaku Tensei, trapping Naruto within the small satellite. The technique was not enough to stop the Nine-Tails, however, as it simply progressed toeight-tailed formto force its way out of the satellite. Meanwhile within his subconscious, Naruto was tempted by the Nine-Tails to open its seal to save him from the pain of not having Pain's answer for peace. However, before Naruto could,Minatoappeared, having left some of his chakra within the seal in case of an emergency to protect his son. Overjoyed at meeting his father, but angered that he would condemn him to life as a jinchūriki, Naruto listened to his father encouraging him, confident that he would find a way to break the cycle of hatred. After repairing the seal, Minato disappeared and the newly-inspired Naruto prepared to resume his battle with Pain. Naruto defeats Pain. Confidence restored, Naruto was greatly relieved to learn that not only had Hinata survived, but nobody was injured during his rampage. After clever use of shadow clones, Naruto destroyed the Deva Path with a Rasengan, defeating the last of Pain's Six Paths. Using one of Pain'sBlack Receivers, Naruto followed the chakra signal toNagatoandKonan's position. Confronting Nagato, Naruto listened to Nagato's story that turned him into Pain and came to understand why he made the actions he did. Despite not forgiving him, he told Nagato he would not kill him and would instead try to create the better world that their teacher wished for. Moved by Naruto's determination to create a better world, Nagato decided to put his trust in Naruto and sacrificed his own life toreviveall the people he had killed in Konoha. Naruto helped Konan retrieve Nagato andYahiko's bodies for burial inAmegakure, and Konan left Naruto a bouquet of paper flowers for him, symbolising their new alliance. The village greets Naruto upon his return. Naruto then created amemorialforJiraiyaand left the flowers and a copy ofThe Tale of the Utterly Gutsy Shinobiby a rock with the kanji forteacher(師,shi). While the exhausted Naruto walked back to the village, he was found by Kakashi who carried him the rest of the way. Upon arrival, Naruto was greeted as a hero by the villagers, his dream of acknowledgement being realised at last. Main article:Past Arc: The Locus of Konoha Main article:Five Kage Summit Naruto willingly gets beaten by Karui. Sakura informs Naruto that Tsunade fell into a coma and that there's nothing that can be done to bring her out of it. While they talk, they are approached byTazunaandInari, who have come to help rebuild Konoha. They ask about Sasuke, which Naruto avoids going into detail about so as to spare them and Sakura a discussion about Sasuke's defection. After Tazuna and Inari leave, they receive news thatDanzō Shimurahas become the nextHokageand that he has ordered Sasuke be killed as a traitor. Naruto and Sakura approach Sai to ask him how they can convince Danzō to change his mind, but Sai is unable to help.OmoiandKaruiofKumogakureoverhear them talking about Sasuke and they ask for information about Sasuke, wishing to kill him for his role in Akatsuki's capture ofKiller B. Naruto leads Omoi and Karui away to spare Sakura pain, but refuses to reveal anything about Sasuke. Instead, Naruto allows the Kumo-nin vent their anger by beating him, to whichKaruiobliges until Sai stops her and the Kumo-nin retreat. Naruto unsuccessfully pleas the Raikage to forgive Sasuke. Recovering later, Naruto asked Yamato and Kakashi to take him to theLand of Iron, so that he could askFourth Raikageto pardon Sasuke. Upon arrival, the Raikage rejected Naruto's request even with Kakashi and Yamato's assistance and berated him for defending a criminal. Naruto went to a local inn to ponder his next course of action, but was soon confronted byTobi, who wanted to understand Nagato's change of heart. Naruto ignored the question and demanded to know about his plans with Sasuke. Tobi told him about theSage of the Six Paths, the Uchiha clan, and the truth about theUchiha Clan Downfall, all of which now drove Sasuke alonga path of vengeanceagainst Konoha and anyone else who would dare cross his path. Naruto insisted that he could still get through to Sasuke, but Tobi laughed and left, saying that Naruto and Sasuke were fated to fight again. Naruto talks with Gaara about Sasuke. While Naruto was practising his Sage Mode's sensory abilities to locate Sasuke, he was interrupted by the arrival of Sakura,Rock Lee, Kiba and Sai. Sakura attempted to dissuade Naruto in his attempts to bring Sasuke back to Konoha by falsely telling him that she loved him. However, Naruto knew she was lying and he rejected her confession and her proposal to abandon Sasuke, stating it had nothing to do with his promise to her. After Sakura's party left, Sai'sink clonerevealed that the rest of theKonoha 11had decided to kill Sasuke themselves to prevent another war, while Sakura planned to kill Sasuke herself, at Sai's unintended insistence.Gaara, who attended theFive Kage Summitthat Sasuke attacked, arrived and revealed Tobi's declaration of theFourth Shinobi World War, telling Naruto how they would be fighting Sasuke to protect Naruto, but he did advise Naruto to consider for himself what was the right thing to do. After hearing that most of his friends have turned against Sasuke, who now wanted to unleash his vengeance on just about everyone, Naruto hyperventilated and passed out. When he awoke, he was told by Yamato that Kakashi went to stop Sakura from dealing with Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke clash. Using a shadow clone as a decoy, Naruto escaped from the inn and followed Kakashi, arriving just in time to save Sakura from being killed by Sasuke. He tried once more to reason with Sasuke, sympathising with his pain and acknowledging Itachi's sacrifice. However, Sasuke was unmoved and declared his resolve to destroy Konoha and sever the Uchiha's connection to the shinobi world. Naruto then clashed his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, realising that everything in his life he could have easily gone down the same path of Sasuke. Despite his jealousy of him, he had come to like Sasuke and was glad to have met him. Undeterred, Sasuke gave Naruto two options: kill or be killed; Naruto chose neither. Tobi andZetsuarrived and prepared to depart with Sasuke. Naruto resolved that if he and Sasuke were to battle again, they would kill each other, but he was willing to accept it as he would shoulder Sasuke's hatred alone. Sasuke vowed to kill Naruto first and left with Tobi and Zetsu, while Naruto and his teammates returned to Konoha, with the captiveKarin. Naruto explained the situation to his friends and asked to fight Sasuke alone, determined to get stronger for their upcoming battle. Main article:Power (Arc) Main article:Paradise Life on a Boat Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Countdown Naruto meets with the Great Toad Sage. As Naruto was about to eat at Ichiraku, he was suddenly summoned back to Mount Myōboku byFukasaku. He learns from theGreat Toad Sage's fortune that he would meet an ""octopus"" and would battle a ""young man with powerful eyes."" WhenGerotorawas summoned to give Naruto the ""key"" to theEight Trigrams Seal, Naruto knew he would need the Nine-Tails' power for the battles to come and accepted the key. Naruto was sent back to Ichiraku, where some of the villagers asked for his autograph. Naruto was unaware that the five Kage were planning to keep him from participating in the upcomingFourth Shinobi World War. For his safety, Tsunade gave Naruto an ""S-rank mission"" on aremote islandin theLand of LightningwithYamato,Might Guy,Aoba Yamashiro, and other Konoha-nin as security. Once at the island, Naruto metKiller B, the jinchūriki ofEight-Tails, and requested to train under him after marvelling at B's mastery of his tailed beast. B refused as he was on vacation, despite Naruto's best efforts to impress him. However, whenMotoiheard Naruto bumped fists with B, he took Naruto was taken toFalls of Truth, where B trained to control the Eight-Tails. Following Motoi's instructions, Naruto sat on the platform in front of the waterfall and closed his eyes to see his true self: Dark Naruto, who berated Naruto on how quickly the Konoha villagers changed their opinions of him and exclaimed that the Nine-Tails liked him better. Inside his mind, Naruto fought his dark self, but found that they were evenly matched. Breaking out of meditation, Naruto questioned Motoi about B's history in order to learn how to conquer his inner darkness. Naruto fights the Nine-Tails. Naruto reminisced about how B and Gaara changed everyone's opinions about them and began to doubt if the Konoha villagers sincerely trusted him. After witnessing B save Motoi from agiant squidand resume their friendship, an inspired Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth and confronted Dark Naruto again. With Naruto now having faith in himself, Dark Naruto began to weaken as he asked what his reason for existing was. Naruto answered by hugging him, accepted Dark Naruto as a part of him while thanking him for pushing him to become a better person. Dark Naruto finally relented and faded. B led Naruto and Yamato to a special room in thesecret templebehind the waterfall, where Naruto was prepared to fight the Nine-Tails for its chakra. Within his subconscious, Naruto unlocked the seal and engaged the Nine-Tails in battle usingSage Mode. Though he appeared to have the upper hand and drain the Nine-Tails' chakra, the fox instantly planted its own hatred within its absorbed chakra, consuming Naruto. Naruto meets his mother. Just before Naruto was completely consumed, the spirit of his mother,Kushina Uzumaki, appeared. Naruto believed that Kushina was the Nine-Tails in disguise, earning a hit on the head and an immediate apology from her, who hoped that he did not inherit her short-temper. Realising Kushina was his mother, he tearfully hugged her and the love-filled reunion purged the Nine-Tails' hatred within its drained chakra. With renewed confidence from hearing the story of his parents, Naruto battled the Nine-Tails once more. With his mother's assistance, Naruto successfully weakens the fox long enough to separate it from its chakra. Attaining theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, Naruto imprisons the emaciated and infuriated Nine-Tails within anew, stronger seal, apologising to it as it faded into darkness. Afterwards, Naruto learned from Kushina about hisheritage, the truth behind theNine-Tails' attack on Konoha, and how his parents gave their lives to protect him. Naruto told his mother that he could finally understand what a parent's love felt like and that he didn't blame them for what happened, instead feeling glad to be their son. As she fades away, Kushina tearfully hugged Naruto, thanking him for letting her and Minato be his parents. Naruto attacks Kisame. In the real world, Naruto demonstrated his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode to B and Yamato before sensingKisame HoshigakiofAkatsukihidden inside hisSamehadaviahis negative emotions. When Kisame attempted to escape, Naruto used his blinding speed to quickly smash Kisame into the wall, though his foot gets stuck. Yamato helps Naruto out while B pursues Kisame and they regroup to see Kisame's defeat by Guy. Kisame is restrained for interrogation, though he breaks free of his confinements through sheer will and summons sharks inside awater prisonto eat him alive. Shocked by Kisame's suicide, Naruto observes that even those in Akatsuki fight for their comrades. They examine the intel that Kisame was trying to send, which turns out to be booby-trapped: they are each caught in a water prison and are trapped alongside a shark. Another shark, meanwhile, is able to escape with Kisame's intel. After they escape, Naruto is tasked with evacuating the giant animals into theIsland Turtle's shell and logging the island's ecology as part of his ""official""S-rankmission. He remains unaware that it is a ploy to keep him away from the war. Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Naruto senses the war with Sage Mode. Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth with B to start practising hisNine-Tails Chakra Mode, specifically learning how to useTailed Beast Balls. Since Tailed Beast Balls couldn't be made without the Nine-Tails' cooperation, Naruto tried to create theTailed Beast Rasenganas a workaround. While struggling to balance the jutsu's composition, he sensed adistant sourceof the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto left the Falls of Truth to investigate and was met by a contingent of Konoha-nin, amongst themIruka Umino. Iruka tried to convince him to go back to his training, but Naruto bypassed them and, from entering Sage Mode, sensed the ongoingFourth Shinobi World War. Naruto became angry that they would try to keep the war a secret from him and that they wouldn't let him help. Iruka apologised, yet still made an effort torestrainhim. Naruto escaped and found aSelf-Repairing Barrier, preventing him from leaving by himself. B, at Iruka's request, decided to join him, and together they broke through the barrier. Naruto states his resolve to the Nine-Tails. Shortly after, the Nine-Tails pulled Naruto into his subconscious, berating him for squandering its chakra and calling him naive for thinking he could stop the war by himself. When the Nine-Tails failed to once again tempt Naruto with power, the fox went off to claim that his attempt to put an end to hatred was futile, using his history with Sasuke as proof. Naruto responded bypinningthe fox down, refuting that it was the one who was being naive and confidently exclaiming he would find a way to deal with Sasuke and end the war. Before he leaves, Naruto also promises to resolve the Nine-Tails' own hatred someday, unnerving the fox. Naruto outpaces A. On their way to the battlefield, Naruto and B were met by theFourth RaikageandTsunade, both intent on stopping the jinchūriki. B tried to convince the Raikage to let them go, and when that failed, Naruto tried to get around them, but the Raikage'sLightning Release Chakra Modewas too fast for that. The Raikage became increasingly aggressive in his determination to stop Naruto and B from joining the war effort, going so far as to threaten to kill Naruto if it would keep Akatsuki from capturing the Nine-Tails. First B and then Tsunade joined Naruto in arguing to allow them to fight, which the Raikage relented to once Naruto dodges his maximum speed. On Tsunade's orders,Shikaku Naracontacted Naruto and informed him about Akatsuki'sWhite Zetsu Armyand the accompanyingImpure World Reincarnations. Naruto and B soon afterwards encountered a squad of seeming Allied forces, but with his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode'sability, it allowed him to detect them as disguised Zetsu. He quickly defeated them and sent shadow clones to various other battlefields to lend assistance. Naruto fights Nagato. Naruto and B soon ran into the reincarnatedItachi UchihaandNagato. They greeted Naruto and briefly caught up on what had happened since their deaths, but were quickly forced to attack by their summoner,Kabuto Yakushi. Nagato advised Naruto and B on how to counter his jutsu while Itachi, between his own attacks, recalled the crow he planted in Naruto during their last meeting. Itachi activated theKotoamatsukamiof the crow'sMangekyō Sharinganto release himself from Kabuto's influence. Itachi joined Naruto and B in fighting Nagato, first by neutralising theRinnegan Summoningand then saving them from being killed by Nagato. Nagato, his personality now suppressed, tried capturing them withChibaku Tensei, which the three combined efforts to destroy. While Nagato was distracted by their attack, Itachi sealed him withSusanoo. His personality restored, Nagato used his last moments to apologise and put his faith in Naruto. Afterwards, Itachi destroyed the crow, its Kotoamatsukami too valuable to let fall into the wrong hands. He left to find Kabuto so that he could end the Impure World Reincarnation, but not before telling Naruto to let his friends support him and leaving Sasuke's reform to him. Naruto defeats the Third Raikage. A shadow clone arrived at the site of theFourth Division's battle with various reincarnatedKage. Naruto was able to land a sneak attack onMū, allowing theThird Tsuchikageto seal him before he could say anything. The Tsuchikage went to helpGaarafight theSecond Mizukage, leaving Naruto to fight theThird Raikagealong with the other members of the Fourth Division. Like the Fourth Raikage, the Third was very fast, easily dodging most attacks. The few attacks that did land had almost no effect, his body's natural defence was too high, and the Raikage's offences allowed him to break through every attempt to contain him. When Naruto noticed that the Raikage had a scar from his fight with the Eight-Tails years earlier, he contacted it via B to ask how the Raikage received the scar. Upon hearing the Eight-Tails' answer, Naruto surmises the scar was self-inflicted, confirming it as he manipulates the Third into piercing his own body. The Third is sealed and Naruto regroups with the Tsuchikage and Gaara, who already defeated the Second Mizukage. As Naruto and B continued onwards, Naruto's shadow clones started arriving at various locations. In the anime, shadow clones were able to: save the members of theSasuke Recovery Teamfrom the reincarnatedSound Four'sSpace–Time Technique Formula: Underworld Turnover;[149]updateTatewakiabout the fates of the children he was responsible for during life, granting him peace and allowing him to return to the afterlife;[150]run in toYota, a childhood friend, and giving Yota a chance to play with him again before releasing himself from the Impure World Reincarnation;[151][152][153]assistOmoiin saving theThundercloud Unit.[154] Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: ClimaxShadow clones arrived at all the remaining battlefields, securing Impure World Reincarnations, weeding out the Zetsu that had infiltrated the Alliance's ranks, and defeating any other remaining Zetsu. Victory seemed near when theSensor Divisiondetected a new threat near the Fourth Division: Mu, whosplithimself before his sealing, and the reincarnatedMadara Uchiha. Shocked by this revelation, they all wondered who the masked man,Tobi, really was. Madara gave them little time to discuss it and attacked them immediately. He cut swaths through the Fourth Division's ranks and used his Rinnegan to avoid the clone's, the Tsuchikage's, and Gaara's counterattack. Wishing to eliminate them all at once, Madaradropped a meteoriteon them. Naruto receives help from the Nine-Tails. While the survivors regroup, Madara tried tosummonthe Nine-Tails. Although it failed, the fox sensed the attempt and offered somechakrato help fight Madara, preferring Naruto over the Uchiha. The shadow clone used the Nine-Tails' chakra to counter Madara'sNativity of a World of TreeswithBig Ball Spiralling Serial Zone Spheres, though the extended fighting left the clone exhausted afterwards. Madara moved in to capture it, but was parried by the arrival of Tsunade, the Fourth Raikage, and theFifth Mizukage. The Five Kage vowed to deal with Madara themselves and asked that Naruto should instead focus on defeating Tobi. The clone dispersed just as the real Naruto converged on Tobi. Naruto and B clashed with Tobi's reincarnatedjinchūriki, styled like aSix Paths of Pain. During the fighting, Naruto referenced another Madara and asked who Tobi really was. Realising his lie was exposed, Tobi refused to accept any particular identity, believing it to be irrelevant. Naruto was not satisfied with this answer and vowed to break Tobi's mask. Naruto and B clash with the reincarnated jinchūriki. B enteredTailed Beast Modeto clear the surrounding forest that was giving him and Naruto a disadvantage against the reincarnated jinchūriki. He then tried tosealthe jinchūriki, but Tobi had them enterVersion 2forms to escape at the last second. The increased strength of the jinchūriki caused difficulties for Naruto and B. Tobi, taking advantage of the situation, nearly captured Naruto, but was blocked by the arrival of Kakashi and Guy. Their arrival balanced out the two sides, so Tobi had theFour-Tailsand theSix-Tailsenter Tailed Beast Modes as well. The Four-Tails captured Naruto in its mouth, allowing it to communicate with him. The Four-Tails, introducing itself with the name Son Gokū, was angered to be controlled by Tobi, but it doubted Naruto would be any better since humans had always sought to control it and its fellow tailed beasts. Naruto insisted he was different and Son Gokū, touched by his desire to help it, told him how to release it from Tobi's control. Naruto managed to break out of its mouth, locate theblack receiver, and remove it. Naruto and Kurama unite. Son Gokū thanked Naruto for his help, but explained that it couldn't actually be saved, as it was still bound to theDemonic Statue of the Outer Path. Before it was pulled back into the Demonic Statue, Son Gokū gave some of its chakra to Naruto and wished him luck. Tobi, having lost the use of one tailed beast, forced the others to enter Tailed Beast Modes so that the battle could be brought to an end. The Nine-Tails remarked that Naruto couldn't possibly win without its help. Naruto stated that he was not up for taking its chakra by force at the moment and that he would figure something out. However, Naruto's earlier determination to help Son Gokū moved the Nine-Tails, reminding it of the many selfless things Naruto had done during his life and the perseverance he always displayed. The Nine-Tails no longer wanted to oppose Naruto and instead offered to join him as a partner, asking only that Naruto call it by name: Kurama. Naruto meets the tailed beasts. Naruto entered his own Tailed Beast Mode and went to save Kakashi and Guy, deflecting the other five beasts' Tailed Beast Balls. The Kurama avatar fought the beasts in close combat, forcing them to combine their Tailed Beast Balls into one against it. Kurama countered theirs with a single one of its own Tailed Beast Balls and Naruto then used the avatar's tails to grab and remove the beasts' black receivers. From the contact, Naruto was able to interface with the other beasts, who introduced themselves and, like Son Gokū, gave him portions of their chakra. Tobi recalled the beasts back into the Demonic Statue and, though irritated, remained confident in his eventual victory as he faced off with Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy. By the time night fell, however, Tobi was still unable to defeat them. A light eventually descended on the reincarnated jinchūriki that B had kept restrained, returning them to the afterlife and signalling that Itachi had finally defeated Kabuto. Naruto destroys Tobi's mask. With his options running out, Tobi deposited theBenihisagoand theKohaku no Jōhei(which containedportions of Kurama's chakra) into the Demonic Statue which, combined with a fragment of the Eight-Tails,Gyūki's, chakra he acquired previously, was enough to start the revival of theTen-Tails. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy started focusing on destroying it, but were constantly stopped by Tobi and his peculiar teleportation and intangibility abilities. From the fighting, however, Kakashi noticed that Tobi's abilities were seemingly linked to his ownKamui. To take advantage of this, Kakashi had one of Naruto's shadow clones attack Tobi and, just as the clone was about to be destroyed by one of Tobi's attacks, Kakashi used Kamui on it without Tobi noticing. Naruto then attacked with a Tailed Beast Ball, which Tobi escaped by retreating toKamui's dimension. He found the clone waiting for him there and it destroyed his mask with a Rasengan. When they saw his face, Guy and Kakashi recognised Tobi as their childhood friend,Obito Uchiha, whom they'd long thought dead. Obito declined to explain his actions to them and instead attacked, which attracted Madara, who escaped the release of the Impure World Reincarnation, to their location. Seeing Madara, Naruto asked what happened to the Kage, to which the elder Uchiha replied that they were in bad condition when he left them. From that and the conversation he overheard between Madara and Obito, particularly their manipulation of Nagato, Naruto attacked in a rage. Madara reflected him and then tried to capture him and B so that the Ten-Tails could be revived in its complete form. Naruto split his attention, he and B fighting Madara'swood dragonwith their Tailed Beast Modes and one of his shadow clones trying to help Kakashi get over the revelation that Obito was alive. Naruto with the Allied Shinobi Forces. Obito tried to convince Naruto of the futility of resistance. Naruto insisted that protecting his comrades was always worthwhile, no matter how hopeless things may seem. His words brought Kakashi out of his slump, enabling him to start fighting Obito on his own, and energised Guy, who created an opening for Naruto and B to attack the Demonic Statue with a combined Tailed Beast Ball. The attack came too late, however, and the Ten-Tails was revived. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy regrouped and coordinated an attack, but the Ten-Tails was too powerful and Madara and Obito, once they linked themselves to it, were able to deploy its powers effectively. Just before they could kill Naruto and the others, the combined remaining Allied Shinobi Forces arrived to help. Shikaku Nara, communicating to all of them from the Alliance's headquarters, staged an offensive to restrain the Ten-Tails. Although it failed, it was effective enough that Madara and Obito had the Ten-Tails destroy the distant headquarters, killing Shikaku and everyone else stationed there. The Allies made individual attacks against the Ten-Tails, but none had any effect. At the same time, the Ten-Tails started raining wooden skewers all over the battlefield, killing many. When one was about to hit Naruto,Hinatashielded him with her body andNejishielded her with his own. Dying, Neji collapsed on Naruto's shoulder, asking him to be more careful in the future since many lives, Hinata's particularly, now depend on his. With his last breath, he thanked Naruto for calling him a genius all those years ago. Naruto was deeply distraught by Neji's death, which Obito tried to use as an example of the needless death that resistance caused and that could be solved in the new world he wanted to create. Hinata brought Naruto back to his senses by reminding him of all the people who had given their lives to protect him and whose memories he would be insulting if he had given up now. As Naruto thanked her, he took her hand and coated her with some of Kurama's chakra. Naruto gives chakra to the Allied Shinobi Forces. Naruto shared Kurama's chakra throughout the Allied Forces, increasing their strength and protecting them from harm. They all manoeuvred into a formation that Shikaku was able to communicate to them before he died and, taking the form of a bird in memory of Neji, successfully removed the Ten-Tails from Obito and Madara's control. Forced to fend for themselves, Obito sought out Naruto, criticising him for wasting his energy protecting others. Naruto replied that protecting them actually gave him strength, motivating everyone within earshot. They then sensed the Ten-Tails was about to attack, which Kakashi tried to stop with Kamui. Obito intercepted him and they teleported away, leaving the others to endure the Ten-Tails'Tenpenchii. Kurama's chakra protected everyone, but it faded in the aftermath; Naruto was left quite beaten up, requiring Sakura to heal him. When the Ten-Tails attacked with another Tailed Beast Ball, the Allies mustered what little defence they could. Before it could reach them, however, the Tailed Beast Ball was suddenly teleported away and Naruto's reincarnated father,Minato Namikaze, appeared at Naruto's side. Team 7 reunites. TheFirst,Second, andThird Hokagearrived soon afterward and, along with Minato, erected a barrier around the Ten-Tails to confine it. Sasuke arrived shortly too, at whose request the previous Hokage were reincarnated byOrochimaruand who now opposed Obito and Madara. Their fellowRookie Ninehad set aside their differences with Sasuke for the time being and joined forces in launching an attack against the Ten-Tails'cruft. On Sai's advice, Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura all summoned their signature animals (Naruto calling onGamakichi) in order to focus directly on the Ten-Tails itself. Naruto and Sasuke successfully damaged the Ten-Tails' arm with a combinedScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zero, but it merely removed the arm to prevent the flames of Sasuke'sAmaterasufrom spreading. Before they could attack again, Obito returned, landing on top of the Ten-Tails head and seemingly about to use theSamsara of Heavenly Life Techniqueto restore Madara to life. While everyone focused on stopping Obito, Naruto couldn't help but notice that thehand sealshe was using were different from what Nagato used. Minato tried to cut Obito down, but discovered that it was too late as he sealed the Ten-Tails into his body, becoming its jinchūriki. Main article:Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. Obito used his new power to destroy the barrier, forcing the Hokage to put the energy they were using toward the barrier into the fight instead. Because they had immortal bodies, they launched the first attack so that the others could learn what they could about Obito's new abilities, but they were quickly defeated. Naruto and Sasuke engaged him as well, but were nearly killed, saved only by Naruto using hischakra armsto link to Minato so he could teleport them to safety. Just as before, Naruto and Sasuke combined their attacks, having Minato and the Second Hokage coordinate teleports so that the attack would connect. Obito'sTruth-Seeking Ballsdissipated much of the attack and the damage that he did incur was quickly regenerated. Naruto attacks Obito after discovering his weakness. From the development and some of the previous exchanges, Minato concluded that Obito was able to neutraliseninjutsu. Gamakichi, wanting to make some final contribution to the fight before he was forced to return toMount Myōboku, attacked with hisStarch Syrup Gun. Minato took this opportunity to try and reason with Obito, reminding him of his former dream to become Hokage. Obito berated the title and those who had held it, as he had surpassed them. Naruto was insulted not only because that was a slight against his father, but also because he hadn't abandoned his dream of being Hokage like Obito had. The Second Hokage teleported him to Obito and he attacked with a Rasengan, which successfully damaged Obito; Naruto noticed that Gamakichi's attack wasn't neutralised and realised Obito was vulnerable tosenjutsu. Kurama and its jinchūriki join forces. With a weakness discovered, Obito trapped the Alliance in abarrierand began charging multiple Tailed Beast Balls that he would use to wipe out everyone within its confines. Minato noted that he wouldn't be able to teleport them all away in time, so Naruto came up with a different approach: he linked his chakra with Minato and remotely restored the Alliance's chakra cloaks, networking everyone in with Minato'sFlying Thunder God Technique, allowing him to teleport everyone out of the barrier. Minato did so and was afterwards very proud of his son, saying he wished they had more time to talk. Naruto replied that it was not necessary since he already methis motherand that she explained everything. Naruto and Minato each entered Tailed Beast Modes, with Naruto merging his with Sage Mode in order to imbue their shared Rasengan with senjutsu. The Second teleported them to Obito and they attacked, but he blocked it with his Truth-Seeking Balls. A senjutsu-enhanced Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. To move ahead with his plans, Obito created a replica of theGod Tree, the first step in performing theInfinite Tsukuyomi. The tree started absorbing chakra from those nearby until they die, a fate that Naruto nearly succumbed to until he was saved by the Third Hokage. Obito pointed to the growing number of casualties as further evidence that Naruto should stop resisting, an argument that Naruto was increasingly having trouble ignoring. Sasuke, unmoved by Obito's words, used Susanoo to hack through the tree and then mocked Naruto for giving up. Naruto was reminded of his desire to not lose Sasuke or anyone else for that matter and, reinvigorated, joined Sasuke in the offensive. Although their senjutsu-enhanced Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo could compete with Obito, they were individually unable to defeat him. Obito continued trying to convince Naruto to stop, but he ignored him. Naruto and Sasuke slash through Obito. Sasuke then coated his Susanoo around Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode, granting the Kurama-avatar a sword and armour. Sensing that it was the final exchange, Obito created asword and shieldof his own out of Truth-Seeking Balls. Naruto created a Rasengan in each of the Kurama-avatar's tails, which his friends from Konoha guide in a coordinated assault to Obito's shield, destroying it. As soon as Naruto and Sasuke sliced through Obito with their sword, the tailed beasts then began to emerge from the Uchiha's body, giving Naruto and the combined Allied Shinobi Forces the opportunity to pull them out. The tug-of-war for the tailed beasts linked Naruto's consciousness with Obito's. Naruto reminded Obito of his earlier claim that he was nobody and set out to prove to him that he was Obito Uchiha, specifically the Obito Uchiha that Kakashi used to know. Naruto pointed out their similarities, how both were orphans and that, because of that, they wanted to be Hokage. Obito agreed that they were similar, but that was the reason why he has been trying so hard to convince Naruto that he was right, and insisted that the world he wanted to create was a better one because his vision of the future was clear, whereas the future of the current world was ambiguous. Naruto argued that was the point and that uncertainty, when faced with comrades, was worthwhile, and offered Obito his hand so that they might see what happened together. Kurama is extracted from Naruto by Madara. The Allies successfully removed the tailed beasts from Obito and he fell to the ground, defeated. Minato and Kakashi insisted that Obito be left to them while Naruto and the rest of the Alliance should focus on Madara. They did so, joining forces with the First Hokage against him, but right before he could seal him, Madara put one final fail-safe into effect: he hadBlack Zetsuforce Obito to revive him. Madara quickly neutralised the First, fended off Naruto, Sasuke, and Sai, and then went after the freed tailed beasts. Naruto entered Tailed Beast Mode and assisted them with fighting him off. They were initially successful, but when Madara reacquired one of hisRinnegan, he easily defeated them withLimbo: Border Jail, sealing them all back into the Demonic Statue, including B's Gyūki and Naruto's Kurama. Obito transfers his tailed beasts' chakra into Naruto. The removal of Kurama from his body caused Naruto to pass out and placed his life in immediate danger. HisUzumakiheritage prevented him from dying instantly, but he required constant medical attention from Sakura in order to keep him alive. On the advice of Kurama right before it was extracted, Gaara took Naruto to Minato so that Minato's portion of Kurama's chakra could be sealed into him, saving him. Kakashi sent Naruto and Sakura toKamui's dimensionso that she could continue performing life support without interruption. Obito soon arrived to help her, having overcome both Black Zetsu and Madara in order to acquire Minato's half of Kurama and give it to Naruto, as his form of penance. Naruto and Sasuke accept Hagoromo's power. While on the border of life and death, Naruto was met by the Sage of Six Paths,Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki. He explained his past conflicts with his mother,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, and the conflicts that emerged between his sons,AsuraandIndra. His sons' conflict had continued through the centuries, with their chakra reincarnated every generation in new individuals to fight anew; Naruto was the current reincarnation of Asura, while Sasuke was the reincarnation of Indra. Naruto was not greatly surprised, having sensed something like that when he met Sasuke during theFive Kage Summit. Because of Madara's aims for the world, Hagoromo asked that he and Sasuke join forces to stop him, a task he was only encouraged by from the tailed beasts' positive words concerning Naruto. He gave Naruto theSix Paths Yang Power,half his chakraandSix Paths Sage Modeto help him in this goal. Naruto and Sasuke strike Madara. When Naruto woke up, he had Obito send him back to the real world. There, he stopped Madara from killing Might Guy and used Hagoromo's power to stabilise Guy's life force from using theEight Gates Released Formation. Surprised by Naruto's sudden increase in power, Madara was hit by Naruto'sSage Art: Lava Release Rasenshuriken, which was fueled by Son Gokū's chakra and instantly cut down the giant tree Obito created earlier. When Sasuke arrived, Naruto enteredSix Paths Sage Modeand they started overwhelming Madara. Realising his window was closing, Madara went after Kakashi and took his Mangekyō Sharingan, using it to follow Obito. Sakura appeared shortly afterward, sent by Obito so Madara wouldn't kill her. She could do nothing about Kakashi's eye, so Naruto used Hagoromo's power to restore the one he lost years ago. Naruto's clones facing Madara's clones. Madara soon returned, now having both his Rinnegan and Black Zetsu in control of Obito's body. Naruto and Sasuke immediately resumed their attack, but Madara had an easier time with them. He rose into the sky, rainingChibaku Tenseion them to keep them busy while he projected theInfinite Tsukuyomion the world. While Naruto destroyed the remaining satellite-like constructs, Sasuke shielded him, Sakura, and Kakashi with Susanoo from the Infinite Tsukuyomi's gaze. He let them out once the illusion was finished casting and they emerged to find themselves alone, with the rest of the world being wrapped into Madara'sGod: Nativity of a World of Trees. As Madara confronted them and started explaining how he had saved the world, he was stabbed in the back by Black Zetsu. Black Zetsu then transferred to Madara's body from Obito's and forced him to absorb the world's chakra, converting him into a woman that Naruto and Sasuke recognised as Kaguya Ōtsutsuki. Main article:Kaguya Ōtsutsuki StrikesKaguya detected that Naruto and Sasuke as the reincarnations of Asura and Indra, and also that her son Hagoromo had given them the power to defeat her. Not wanting to further the damage the world that their fighting would cause, sheshiftedthem all to one ofher dimensions, placing them above a sea of lava. Sasuke summoned hishawkGarudato save himself and Naruto, but ignored Naruto's pleas to save Sakura, Kakashi, and Obito too since only he and Naruto were vital to the fight. Kakashi was able to briefly stop their fall, but the heat burned the scroll he used to save them and it was only Naruto's sudden discovery that he was able to levitate that saved them from the lava. He left a shadow clone to hold onto them and engaged Kaguya, creating an opening for Sasuke to attack. Kaguya thwarts Naruto and Sasuke's sealing attempt. Sasuke's attack failed and Naruto must save him from the lava. With their attacks ineffective and the environment such a hazard, Naruto and Sasuke discussed what to do. Kaguya appeared behind them and paralysed them, binding them with Black Zetsu while she started absorbing their chakra. Black Zetsu took the opportunity to expand on the history earlier given by Hagoromo, painting Kaguya as the victim of her sons, Hagoromo andHamura. Black Zetsu had for centuries been manipulating others toward the outcome of reviving her, and only then had it finally succeeded. It encouraged them to bask in the embrace of their oblivion, but Naruto refused, breaking himself and Sasuke free. Needing to take drastic action, Naruto used his ""ultimate"" jutsu:Sexy: Reverse Harem Technique. Kaguya was so distracted that she was nearly sealed, but she recomposed herself in time to shift dimensions again, freezing Naruto and Sasuke in place. Naruto overwhelms Kaguya with shadow clones. Because Naruto and Sasuke were only a threat to her when together, KaguyasentSasuke to a different dimension while she focused on Naruto. While Kaguya manipulated the ice dimension against him, his shadow clone explained to Kakashi, Sakura, and the now-awake Obito that his and Sasuke's powers were both necessary to defeat her. Obito offered to use his Kamui to try and explore Kaguya's dimensions to find Sasuke. To give Obito an opening, Naruto usedNaruto Region Comboto overwhelm Kaguya, forcing her to retreat to another dimension to get her bearings. When she did so, Obito infiltrated the dimension Kaguya went to with Sakura and the shadow clone. The shadow clone faced her so that she wouldn't notice them while they look for Sasuke. Kaguya returned to the ice dimension and resumed her fight with the army of Naruto's clones. He kept her preoccupied until Obito returned with Sasuke. Naruto separates Black Zetsu from Kaguya. Increasingly frustrated, Kaguya shifted them to another dimension with powerful gravity to immobilise Naruto and Sasuke while she attacked with herAll-Killing Ash Bones. Kakashi and Obito used themselves to shield the attack, with Obito then using Kamui to protect Kakashi, leaving Obito unable to defend himself. Naruto tried to heal the damage to his body, but even Hagoromo's power couldn't save him. While Sasuke fought Kaguya, Obito thanked Naruto for reminding him of who he was and made him promise to become Hokage for both their sakes. Naruto agreed and Obito's body crumbled. Black Zetsu ridiculed Obito for living an insignificant life and dying an insignificant death. Enraged, Naruto severed Kaguya's arm, in the sleeve of which Black Zetsu had been hiding, and then pinned it to the ground with his Truth-Seeking Balls. Team 7 defeats Kaguya. Naruto and his shadow clones attacked Kaguya withSage Art: Super Tailed Beast Rasenshuriken. On impact, the tailed beasts' chakra within her began reacting and Kaguya started losing control of her form. She was able to reconfigure herself and prepared anExpansive Truth-Seeking Ballto destroy them. Kakashi interfered, using Susanoo (a last gift from Obito) to make an opening for Naruto and Sasuke. She tried to escape, but Sakura punched her to keep her in place, allowing Naruto and Sasuke to triggerSix Paths — Chibaku Tensei. The tailed beasts were removed from her, Madara was spat out, and she was entombed in her own dimension. Not wanting Black Zetsu to scheme for her release again, Naruto made a point to trap it with her but not before telling it that a spoiled brat like it has no right to compare itself with the men and women who truly shaped shinobi history. Minato wishes happy birthday to Naruto. Team 7 wondered how they would return to their world. Sensing their need, Hagoromo combined the efforts of the dead Kage to summon them, the tailed beasts, and Madara back. Hagoromo thanked them for saving the world, as did the tailed beasts for saving them. Naruto happily greeted to his original Kurama, asking if it missed him, to which the flustered fox denied. After Madara died from his ordeal, Naruto met with Minato who, as day broke, wished him a happy seventeenth birthday. As Hagoromo returned Minato's and the souls of the other dead Kage to thePure Land, Minato voiced his pride in Naruto and promised to tell Kushina everything about him. The other Kage also gave words of parting, which Naruto tearfully accepted. With all threats gone, Hagoromo explained that the Infinite Tsukuyomi could be released if Naruto and Sasuke combine their chakra. Sasuke agreed to this, but first he wanted to kill the Kage and destroy the tailed beasts, believing both were inhibitive to world peace. When he was unwilling to back down from his threat, the tailed beasts moved in to stop Sasuke, but he captured each in their own Chibaku Tensei. Hagoromo recognised that as a continuation of Indra's feud with Asura, but lacked the time and power to do anything about it. Sakura tried to reason with Sasuke, but he knocked her out and left. Naruto followed after him, promising to Hagoromo that he would bring him around and finally end the centuries-long feud. Naruto and Sasuke begin their rematch at the Valley of the End. Naruto and Sasuke ended up at theValley of the End, where they fought years ago. Sasuke stated his willingness to bear the world's burdens by himself and live independently of the past, neither of which Naruto believed were possible, or at least wise. He tells Sasuke it's impossible to do everything alone like he plans to, pointing to the missteps Itachi made and their own successful teamwork against Kaguya. Sasuke replies that he only wants to remake a better world, one where he can, like Itachi before, be solely responsible for the difficult decisions that must be made so that nobody else needs to; this is what he believes a true ""Hokage"" to be. Naruto insists he will be Hokage, not Sasuke, because Sasuke is still going against what Itachi wanted for him and they start fighting. Naruto and Sasuke's attacks collide. After a brief exchange of blows reminiscent of their fight years ago, Naruto and Sasuke started trading punches with their Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo respectively. Sasuke chastised Naruto for not attacking with an intent to kill, but Naruto, like last time, was unwilling to do so, not wishing for either of them to go without the other. Naruto then clashed his Tailed Beast Ball with Sasuke's Susanoo-supported Chidori, producing a large explosion that does noticeable but not debilitating damage to their respective avatars. Each therefore powered up the avatars, Sasuke by channelling the captured tailed beasts into his Susanoo and Naruto by merging his avatar with the avatars of two shadow clones. The two met attacks once again, creating a giant explosion that stripped away their avatars and left them with too little chakra to use practically. They instead resorted totaijutsu, kicking and punching each other into the night. Naruto and Sasuke's final clash. As the two battled near exhaustion, Kurama mustered enough chakra for Naruto to make one last attack, but Sasukeabsorbedit. Having expected this, Naruto delivered a solid punch, finally irritating Sasuke over the endless repetition of their fight. Kurama gave the last of its chakra to Naruto, who used it to make a Rasengan to counter Sasuke's Chidori. Both woke up later to find that much of the Valley of the End had been destroyed, that they had each lost an arm, and that neither could move. Sasuke reflected that Naruto had been a constant obstacle to his goals, but that he was also the only person who never given up on him. Naruto's usual response that they were friends didn't convince Sasuke since it obviously went beyond, so Naruto elaborated that he experienced pain if he didn't have Sasuke. Sasuke was awed, knowing full well that Naruto had experienced various misfortunes in his life, smiled through all of them, yet would suffer without Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke reconnect. When they woke up the next day, Sasuke admitted defeat for the first time in his life, as he came to accept that Naruto was just as vital to him as he was to Naruto. Kakashi and Sakura eventually tracked them down and Sakura healed them, though she couldn't do anything about their missing arms. Once they were able to walk, they returned to where the Allied Shinobi Forces were all trapped still, dispelled the Infinite Tsukuyomi according to Hagoromo's instructions, and Sasuke released the tailed beasts. With the war over, Naruto returns to the village, where he attends a mass funeral for the participants of the war. In the anime, while recovering from his injuries, Gaara and A approach Naruto and thank him for his effort during the war. Shikamaru later brings Naruto to the Academy to meet with Iruka and Kakashi, who is considering on promoting Naruto as a jōnin. However, because he never got to retake the Chūnin Exams, Naruto has to complete two years worth of studies, much to his dismay. However, Naruto is cheered up as Iruka offers to help him.[155] Naruto and Sasuke part ways. Months after the war, Sasuke was pardoned for his crimes on the good word of Naruto and Kakashi (who had been selected to become the Sixth Hokage). Just before Sasuke left Konoha to wander the world, he was met by Naruto, who returned to him hisforehead protector. Main article:Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy SkyNearly a year after the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Naruto and Sai were sent to theLand of Wavesto captureGaryō, leader of theRyūha Armament Alliance. Once they located the Alliance's hideout, Naruto launched an assault with multiple shadow clones; although he was still missing an arm, he had learned how to perform one-handedhand seals. He easily dealt with most of the Alliance's members, but was briefly stalled by theIce Releaseof Garyō'sbodyguard. Naruto distracted the bodyguard with a shadow clone for long enough to apprehend Garyō. Garyō tried to convince Naruto that the Alliance was doing good work by releasing the world from money's corruptive influence. Although sympathetic, Naruto couldn't abide their terrorist actions and escaped with Garyō on Sai'sbird. At some point within the next two months, Naruto received a prosthetic arm to replace the one he lost during the war. While eating atRamen Ichirakuone day, he saw Kakashi walking by and asked him when he would officially take on the responsibilities of Hokage. He tried to convince Kakashi by listing the many shortcomings of Tsunade, unaware that she was standing behind him; she angrily knocked Naruto unconscious. Kakashi finally accepted the Hokage position shortly after the mission involving the Ryūha Armament Alliance and theBlood Prison. When Naruto learned about the mission, specifically that he was expressly forbidden from being informed about it at the time, Naruto started spreading rumours about Kakashi's relationship with the Blood Prison's new warden,Kahyō. Kakashi angrily attacked him and then bought him some ramen to apologise. Main articles:Shikamaru Hiden (novel)andShikamaru Hiden (anime)Naruto ran intoShikamaruearly one morning and they discussed their heavy workloads for theShinobi Union. Since Naruto's assignments were given to him by Shikamaru, he took the opportunity to complain. Shikamaru explained that Naruto, a prime candidate for an eventual Hokage position, needed to get used to it. Naruto later discussed what Shikamaru had said withSakura, having sensed that there was something Shikamaru was keeping from him. Sakura reminded Naruto of all the work Shikamaru did to prepare Naruto for becoming Hokage and that it likely had something to do with that. Naruto was aware of all that Shikamaru did on his behalf, but wondered if he was worth Shikamaru's trouble. A few days later, Naruto was approached byTemari, who was worried about Shikamaru's recent behaviour and now asked where he was. Naruto didn't know, and was troubled to find that neither didChōjiorIno. He finally asked Kakashi, who admitted under pressure that Shikamaru was on a secret assignment to theLand of Silence. Naruto joined Temari's team ofSunaninja to go to the Land of Silence to provide assistance to Shikamaru. They interrogated the locals upon arrival and learned that Shikamaru had been captured by theEnlightened Ones. They attacked the prison where Shikamaru was being held and successfully freed him, enabling him to complete his mission by taking the country's leader,Gengo, into custody. Afterwards, Naruto demanded that Shikamaru never keep anything from him again, otherwise their future Hokage—advisor relationship would be very problematic. Shikamaru agreed and apologised. While Shikamaru returned to Konoha, Naruto and several other Konoha and Suna shinobi remain in the Land of Silence to help the country recover from Gengo's control. Main article:The Last: Naruto the Movie Naruto vs. Toneri's puppets. During theRinne Festival, Naruto, being the hero of the village, was bombarded with gifts from various young Konoha residents. To distract Naruto from all the attention,Konohamaruinvited him over tohis grandfather's storage, where Naruto found a scarf thathis motherhad knitted for him before she passed. He happily began wearing the scarf around the village, treating it as a precious memento. Naruto attempted to discuss his new-found attention toHinataover ramen, but it made her uncomfortable and ran away with embarrassment, much to his confusion and leading him to chase after her. While looking for her, Naruto stumbled across a horde ofpuppetstrying to abduct Hinata. After he rescued her, they were notified that Hinata's sisterHanabiwas kidnapped byToneri Ōtsutsuki, and were assigned on ateamto rescue her. Kakashi informed the team of the imminent crashing of themoononto the Earth, and asked that they do what they can to stop it in case Toneri was connected in any way. They followed Hanabi's trail and were led into a cave. While traveling through it, they were caught ingenjutsuformed from their own memories. From seeing events of his own past and some of Hinata's, Naruto was reminded of her feelings for him and realised that he felt the same way. Sakura released them from the genjutsu and they continued with the mission. After the team encountered theGatekeeper, Naruto noticed that Hinata was missing and left to find her, only to discover that she was in a conversation with adisguisedToneri who he quickly defeated. Hinata wouldn't share what she discussed with the puppet, so Naruto vowed not to let her out of his sight again. They continued through the cave and eventually arrived in the moon's interior, which the team then split up to investigate the surroundingsettlement. Naruto confesses to Hinata. After the team regrouped, Naruto watched Hinata as she repaired her ruined scarf. She expressed her concerns that she wasn't doing enough to save her sister, so Naruto reassured her and also told her how he felt. Toneri appeared before she could respond, prompting Hinata to give Naruto the scarf and departed with Toneri. Naruto chased after them, believing Hinata was being taken against her will. When Hinata did not deny Toneri's statement about them getting married, Naruto became too shocked to react. Toneri attacked him, destroying the scarf and leaving him badly injured. After three days of around-the-clock medical attention from Sakura, he woke up. Naruto was distraught, believing there was no reason to go on if Hinata had chosen Toneri. Sakura reassured him that Hinata couldn't really have feelings for Toneri as she loved Naruto too much, and had a reason for doing what she did. As his strength returned, Naruto vowed he would save Hinata and for her to wait for him. Naruto fighting Toneri. The team soon infiltrated Toneri's castle and afterlocatingHinata, Naruto went after her while the others rescued Hanabi. He arrived in time to interrupt Toneri's and Hinata's wedding ceremony. Toneri, who wascontrollingHinata, had her attack Naruto, only for him to break his control and escape with her. Hinata led him to theTenseiganthat was controlling the moon's decent, which they individually tried to destroy to no success, buttogetherthey succeeded. After regrouping with the others, Hinata gave Naruto a piece of the scarf she knitted for him, which he graciously accepted. The team then attempted to flee the castle, but a furious Toneri appeared and separated the group, which gave him the opportunity to recapture Hinata. During their intense fight, Naruto managed to overcome Toneri'snew powerand overwhelm him by concentrating all his chakra into his fist and defeated him with a single punch, freeing Hinata in the process. Naruto and Hinata kiss. Toneri tried onefinal attack, but was unable to control its power, leading to Naruto to intervene and save him from drifting out into space. Afterwards, Hinata informed Toneri of Hamura's actual decree and he, regretful about what he did, allowed the team to return home. As they were returning to Earth, Naruto reaffirmed his feelings for Hinata and stated that he wanted to be with her for the rest of his life, much to her happiness, and the two later shared their first kiss. Main article:Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring BreezeWhile Naruto and Hinata wereout on a datein Konoha, they ran into Sakura. Sensing that Sakura was overworking herself, they invited her to join them, but she declined. One day, while Naruto was teaching a class ofAcademy studentshow to spar, he noticed Sakura, who was wandering around Konoha, looking distressed. Sensing that she needed a distraction, Naruto insisted that she help him, which took her mind off recent events. As thanks, Sakura informed Naruto of something she avoided telling him: there were rumours that Sasuke was trying to destroy Konoha. She didn't believe the rumours were true, but nobody had been able to get in touch with Sasuke to confirm. Naruto pointed out that Sasuke must not be worried by these rumours, otherwise he would respond to the messages he'd been sent. Sakura thought that was a good point and was put at ease. When Naruto and Hinata later learned that Sakura had been kidnapped byKido Tsumiki, they joined with Kakashi in going to rescue her. On finding her, however, they discovered that she had already defeated Kido. They congratulated her on her victory. Main articles:Konoha Hiden (novel)andKonoha Hiden (anime) Naruto and Hinata preparing to be wed. Naruto and Hinata decided to get married and invited their friends and family. Because his parents were dead, Naruto askedIrukato attend as his father, which Iruka happily agreed to. On the day of the wedding, though, Naruto kept his real father in his thoughts, looking uponMinato's face on theHokage Rockwith admiration as he and Hinata were about to walk down the aisle. Main articles:Sasuke Shinden (novel)andSasuke Shinden (anime)Naruto appears in the novel. Naruto and Hinata raising their children. Shortly after their wedding, Naruto and Hinata hada son, and two years later they hada daughter. In the anime, over the years, Naruto was constantly busy, leading to him not taking the Chūnin Exams. Despite being a genin, Naruto was selected to succeed Kakashi and become the Seventh Hokage.[156]On the day of his inauguration, Boruto accidentally destroyed Himawari's toy, leading to Naruto stepping in to defend his son from Himawari'sGentle Fist-strike, but ended up taking the blow instead, rendering him unconscious. He ended up missing his own inauguration, forcing Konohamaru toimpersonate himduring the ceremony.[157]As Hokage, he hosted aKage Summitin Konoha, in which Sasuke and Sakura attended alongside the fourKageand their bodyguards. During the meeting, Sasuke reported that athreatgreater than Kaguya may still exist somewhere, which Naruto and the other Kage decided to keep the information between themselves to avoid causing a panic.[158] Main articles:Sasuke RetsudenandSasuke Retsuden (manga)When Naruto became afflicted with an unknown illness, Sasuke decided to go to theLand of Redakuwhen learning of stories that the Sage of Six Paths had the same illness and found a cure there. Naruto tried to talk Sasuke out of it, but he ignored his pleas. Ultimately, Sasuke, with the help of Sakura and Kakashi, were able to find the cure,polar particles. Upon recovering, Naruto thanks his friends for their efforts Main article:Academy Entrance Arc Naruto welcoming the Academy students. In the anime, Naruto partakes in the entrance ceremony at the Academy, which leads to him being mortified after Boruto arrives and damages theHokage Rock. After the incident, Naruto learns from theKaminarimon Company presidentthat Boruto is having a positive impact on hisson, leading to Naruto smiling. Later, as amysterious presencecontinues to cause people in the village to randomly attack the citizens, Naruto decides to begin an investigation, which uncovers that victims are having their chakra severely drained to the point of hospitalisation. Naruto and Hiashi discuss Boruto's training. In the anime, as the mysterious attack began to happen throughout the village, Naruto's efforts to uncover the truth began to exhaust him and being insisted by Shikamaru to go home and rest. Upon arriving, he learned that Boruto was acting very strange recently. Once confronting his son about his new attitude, Boruto insisted that he had finally manifested his Byakugan, leading them to talk toHiashi. Upon arriving at his household, Hiashi like Naruto had doubts that Boruto awakened the Byakugan. Deciding to test Boruto, Hanabi faces Boruto, which concluded that Boruto hadn't manifested thedōjutsu. Afterwards, Naruto talked with Hiashi about his grandchildren. After assigning Sai to investigate the attacks in the village, he returned home late, and confided in Hinata about his ineptitude in interacting with his children, believing it to stem from his growing up without parents. Sometime later, Naruto saved civilians at the Konoha Purification Plant. As Boruto decided to check on his hospitalised friends, realising that his son was conducting his own investigation on the attacks, Naruto dragged Boruto to the surgery room, showing his son what was becoming of the victims of prolonged rampages. While hoping to sway Boruto into staying out of this matter, it only strengthened Boruto's resolve. Shino then appeared, encouraging Naruto to have faith in his son as the teacher himself was recently saved by Boruto's efforts. While still weary, Naruto decided to trust Shino's judgement. While having dinner with his family andMitsuki, Naruto abruptly departs to handle a matter involving strange chakra spreading across Konoha. Soon after, Sai discovered that the culprit behind these attacks wasSumire Kakei. Naruto learned from Kakashi that Sumire's intention was to unleash theGozu Tennōon the village. Later, when Sai found Sumire, she unleashed theNue. Naruto soon joined the unit to fend off the creature, but Kakashi warned Naruto to not get close, having realised that the endgame of this creature was to amass enough chakra to produce a powerful enough explosion to destroy the village. While the barrier team worked to keep the creature at bay, it suddenly teleported away. As Naruto attempted to find the creature with Sage Mode, Kakashi deduced that the creature worked differently from normal summonings, existing naturally in its own separate dimension. Naruto meets up with Sasuke. Upon Sumire turning herself in, Sai and Shikamaru notified him that it's due to Boruto appealing to Sumire's genuine love of her friends in the Academy, making Naruto relieved that decided to admit her in the first place. Later, he informs Boruto that while he must look to the welfare of the entire village and does not have absolute say, he promises to help Sumire. Ultimately, it was decided to pardon Sumire and let her return to the Academy. Later, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke, giving him the research on theGozu Tennō. Sasuke quickly deduced that this was an attempt on Danzō to recreate Kaguya's technique. Before Sasuke departs, he asks Naruto to apologise to Sakura for his continued absence, leading to Naruto feeling responsible for. Main article:Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring Naruto and Boruto having dinner at Ichiraku Ramen. In the anime, when Himawari became sick due to a fever, Naruto hurried home worried about her in which Boruto pointed out that his Hokage cloak is inside out. When Naruto and Boruto began fighting over what Himawari should eat, Hinata became angry and kicked them both out of the house due to them being noisy. Naruto then invited Boruto to eat with him at Ramen Ichiraku to try to bond with him in which he accepted. As they ate, Naruto told his son about all the precious memories he had in the shop, such as being acknowledged by Iruka, hanging out with Team 7, and going on his firstdatewith Hinata. On the day of theFive Kage Summitin Konoha,Moegi KazamatsuriandUdon Isenotify Naruto that Boruto had vandalised theHokage Rock. Before Boruto could do any more damage, Naruto catches and stops him. Afterwards, he gives his son a lecture about how the whole village is his family. The ordeal leads to Naruto arriving late to the kage meeting, which he apologies for.[159] As Boruto's graduation exam from theAcademywas approaching, Naruto used a shadow clone to help him train. Meanwhile, the real Naruto received a report from Sasuke about aboywith the Sharingan. After he consulted with Kakashi about it, Naruto decided to accompany Sasuke to a meeting withOrochimaru, leaving behind a shadow clone to manage Konoha in his absence. He made a point to leave the village before Boruto could come to see him off, though he asked Shikamaru to apologise to Boruto on his behalf. Naruto protecting Sarada and Chōchō from Shin's attack. While on his way to the rendezvous point, Naruto sensed that he was being followed bySarada UchihaandChōchō Akimichi. He initially tried to ignore them, but eventually decided it would be better to confront them than to let them continue coming after him. When he arrived to speak with them, however, he found them being attacked by the same boy from Sasuke's report. Although he was pleased that they were able to hold their own against their attacker, Naruto decided to get personally involved when he saw the boy had aMangekyō Sharingan. The boy could do nothing against Naruto's Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, so he fled with acreature'sspace–time ninjutsu. Because the boy was apparently after Sarada, Naruto allowed them to come with him so that he could keep them safe. Naruto comforts Sarada. While having lunch, Naruto told Sarada about what her father was like growing up and then informed both Sarada and Chōchō in what ways they take after their parents. Sarada was not only interested to hear about Sasuke, but also found she got along quite well with Naruto. As they got close to where they were supposed to meet up with Sasuke, Sarada used the bathroom as an excuse to sneek away from Naruto and Chōchō so that she could see him first. Naruto followed, and, on arrival, was reprimanded by Sasuke for bringing children with him. Sarada explained that she came without permission, as she wanted to know if Sakura was her real mother. Sasuke ignored the question, which only upset her and caused her to storm out. Naruto tried to comfort her, but his assurances that Sasuke meant well did not improve her mood. Before he could continue, he sensed the boy's return and defended Sarada as the boy and his father,Shin Uchiha, attack. Sasuke assisted in fighting off Shin and his son, but Shin was able tomanipulateSasuke's sword and used it to stab Naruto. Naruto continued attacking Shin despite his injury, though tried to use being impaled by the sword to win sympathy; Kurama ridiculed Naruto for allowing himself to be stabbed at all, but assured him that it wouldn't kill him. Sakura suddenly arrived to lend assistance and landed a fatal blow on Shin, forcing Shin to escape and took Sakura with him. Unable to detect where Shin had taken Sakura, they continued to Orochimaru's lair. Orochimaru informed them that Shin was an old experiment of his that he since lost control of. Naruto noticed Sarada sneaking off withSuigetsu Hōzukiduring Orochimaru's explanation and followed them, listening in as Suigetsu ran a DNA test that suggested Sarada's real mother was actuallyKarin. Not knowing what the truth was, Naruto was upset first with Sasuke for the secret he has seemingly been keeping, but also with Suigetsu for getting involved. He approached Sarada to discuss it with her, but she lashed out at him, believing he had been a knowing participant in the lie that Sakura was her mother. When she tried to insist that having no blood relation to Sakura meant they weren't family, Naruto took a firm stance: he wasn't related to most of Konoha's villagers, yet he still considered them his family because they were important to him. In the same way, Sakura and Sarada were family because they were important to each other. Sarada realised how much she loved Sakura and decided she wanted to help rescue her. They reunited with the others and head out for Shin's hideout. Naruto facing a Shin clone. Using Sasuke'sRinnegan, they were able to reach where Shin took Sakura, only to find Sakura faring fine on her own fighting him. With the numbers against him growing, Shin called in his sons (actually his clones) to assist, but they turned against him and killed him because he always mistreated them. The clones then turned their attention to Naruto and the others, which Naruto engaged with his own shadow clones. Because they were only children, he frightened them into surrendering by manifesting Kurama. After learning that Sakura indeed was her biological mother, Sarada reconciled with her parents, much to Naruto's happiness. Then, they all returned to Konoha, with Shin's clones being delivered to theKonoha Orphanage. Main article:School Trip ArcIn the anime, to improve relationships with other villages and symbolically show the warring era was over, Naruto set up an official class trip for the Academy to go to Kirigakure. Working out the details withChōjūrō, he also got a tour guide for the class. Main article:Graduation Exams Arc Naruto training with Konoha-nin. In the anime, as Academy classes began preparing for the graduation exams, the various students were interviewed about their future goals alongside a parent. Naruto however was unable to join his son as he was busy discussing matters with Orochimaru about his research on Danzō's old experiments. As Orochimaru delivered promising results to aid Sasuke in his own investigations, while Shikamaru voiced his still limited trust in Orochimaru, Naruto was more relaxed about Orochimaru roaming the village. On Boruto's first day as a genin, Naruto managed to get some time to have breakfast with his family and see Boruto off to be assigned his team. After Boruto left, Shikamaru went to Naruto's house to collect him and inform him of his various duties for the day. Later on, Naruto was in a field testing a number of shinobi's skills inBarrier Ninjutsuto better protect the village withMirai Sarutobias his escort for the day. When Boruto and his teammates came to him, he was thinking that they want to change teams, but was pleasantly surprised when instead they want their team denomination to be changed to Team 7. Main article:Genin Mission ArcIn the anime, as the recently promoted genin began to prepare for their first missions, Naruto prepared to present them, as it was customary. While Boruto began bragging about how easy it will, Naruto sternly warned him not to be so cocky. He presented Team 7 with a D-rank mission to aid the Green Banks Village who were being attacked by bandits for their crops. Naruto stressed that the team show team-work to complete the mission. Main article:Byakuya Gang Arc Naruto quelling the protest. In the anime, when theByakuya Gangbegan conducting heists throughout Konoha, their act of distributing their stolen wealth to the poor began gaining much support from many of the villagers, leading to a protest breaking out after the group fooled the villages into believing the Kaminarimon Company was corrupt. After shinobi determined that the leaders of the protest were being manipulated bygenjutsuand freed them, Naruto and his clones appeared before the crowds and began quelling them with his speech. Straight after, Naruto headed towards the Land of Fire's border where he apprehendedGekkō, who had used the riots as a distraction to steal theMagnum Opusfrom theNinjutsu Research Centre. Main articles:Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child DayandParent and Child Day ArcNOTE:In the anime, the events of this arc occur after theMitsuki's Disappearance Arc. Naruto and Himawari spending Parent and Child Day together. After announcingParent and Child Day, Shikamaru took care of Naruto's paperwork, allowing him to spend time with Himawari. Despite being sleep deprived, Naruto accepted his daughter's wish and began searching for a Kurama doll with her. After being joined by Kiba during their unsuccessful search, he bought Himawari a Shukaku doll, to which she enjoyed. Later, with Himawari going to bed with Hinata, Naruto approached Boruto and apologised for not having spent any time during the holiday with his son. He gave Boruto a custom shuriken as a present and the two decided to spend the remainder of the evening training together. Main articles:Boruto: Naruto the MovieandVersus Momoshiki ArcIn the anime, on the day of Boruto's birthday, work got in the way, making him unable to attend, instead only arriving home late at night with only a birthday present as an apology. Later, as more investigations to the workings of Kaguya continued, a third Ōtsutsuki clan ruin tied to her was found. Determined to find out all he could, Naruto prepared to investigate it personally. One the way out, Naruto was approached by his son, demanding that his father promised he would show up for Himawari's birthday that was coming up, which he did. Naruto exhausted from overusing his clones. Later, Naruto remained busy with his Hokage duties and continued having a strained relationship with his son, Boruto. Konoha has grown into a large city under Naruto's leadership, although Naruto is overwhelmed with the responsibilities of being Hokage, leading him to create shadow clones to tend to his family and the villagers. When Boruto and histeamreport to Naruto after a mission, Naruto asked his son to address him as ""the Seventh"" instead of ""Dad,"" and reminded him of the importance of teamwork, which annoyed his son, as he believed that he could handle anything on his own. Boruto warned his father to be home for Himawari's birthday party or else he will never forgive him.Katasuke Tōnothen entered his office, requesting permission from Naruto to allow participants of the upcoming Chūnin Exams to use his new invention, theKote. However Naruto refused on the grounds that it did not show one's true abilities as a shinobi. Naruto was unable to make it to his daughter's birthday party and sent a shadow clone instead. However, the clone ended up disappearing and dropping the cake when Naruto became fatigued, which enraged Boruto and caused him to throw Naruto's old, tattered jacket out the window. Naruto felt guilty for letting his family down and Shikamaru told him to go home and rest. The jacket was found by Sasuke, who returned to Konoha to ask for help in deciphering a scroll he found in Kaguya's abandoned castle. They met in Naruto's office where Sasuke mentioned his meeting with Boruto and this leads to them making a bet on whether the nature of a shinobi has changed in regards to Boruto, to which Sasuke says it hasn't and Naruto says it has. Naruto exposes Boruto's cheating at the Chūnin Exams. Naruto wasn't surprised when Boruto won the first test but after being advised by Shikamaru to reach out to Boruto, Naruto congratulated him via email, much to Boruto's annoyance. While the scroll was being deciphered, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke and asked him if it was true that he was training Boruto. Naruto said that perhaps Sasuke was right concerning the nature of shinobi remaining the same, to which Sasuke agrees. Naruto was nervous about the outcome of the second test but after learning Boruto passed, Naruto was overjoyed. Later, he met with Boruto in his bedroom and personally congratulated him and told him not to lose against Shikadai. Naruto offered a fist bump, but Boruto only smiled as he didn't want his father to discover the Kote he was wearing. For the third test, Naruto chose to sit with Hinata and Himawari rather than with the other Kage as they watched Boruto fight in the third round and finally againstShikadai Nara. Near the end, Naruto suspected something was wrong after Boruto won. In the anime, he did not realise anything was amiss until Boruto's next match in the finals when he defeatedShinki. He asked Hinata to use her Byakugan and she noticed Boruto wearing a Kote (in the anime he realised the truth on his own). Realising that Boruto was using the exam-forbidden tool to advance his techniques, a disappointed Naruto confronted him in the arena, ordered that Boruto be disqualified from the exam and took Boruto's forehead protector from him, suspending his ninja status. He told Boruto they would talk about this at home, but Boruto lashed out at him that Naruto doesn't know how to give him a lecture when he's never home. Naruto captured by Momoshiki. Suddenly,MomoshikiandKinshiki Ōtsutsukiappear and began attacking the arena. Naruto is knocked out of the arena by Momoshiki but he rushes back to defend his son when he is in danger and is shortly joined by Sasuke and Sarada. Sasuke informed Naruto that the two enemies are the new threat written about in the scroll. Naruto realises he is their target and demands to know what they want. After Momoshiki reveals he wanted Kaguya's chakra, and eventually Kurama's from the Seventh Hokage, Naruto and Sasuke combine Kurama and Susanoo to shield themselves and their children from the enemies' attacks. Naruto also dispatches shadow clones to protect civilians that hadn't managed to flee from the arena. Determined to protect his son and friends, Naruto ultimately decides to allow himself to be captured in Momoshiki's jutsu and asks Sasuke to take care of Boruto for him. Just before Naruto disappears, he looks over his shoulder and offers his son one last smile. Naruto was teleported to another dimension and bound by Momoshiki and Kinshiki to a God Tree. Naruto resisted as Momoshiki extracted half of Kurama's chakra from inside Naruto. The two debated the merits of instant strength and earned strength, causing Naruto to realise his own lack of effort in trying to understand Boruto, which is what drove him to cheat with the Shinobi Gauntlet. During the ordeal, Sasuke, Boruto, and the other Kage arrived to rescue him. Naruto and Sasuke fighting Momoshiki's techniques. Naruto, surprised to see Boruto wearing his old jacket, told his son that it was like looking at one of his shadow clones. When he tried to apologise to Boruto for not being there for him, Boruto replied that it was alright and he just wants to hear more about Naruto's past. After the other Kage failed to defeat Kinshiki, and the latter was absorbed by Momoshiki, Naruto and Sasuke joined forces to fight him and initially gained the upper hand until Naruto was briefly imprisoned by boulders and Sasuke was severely burned by Momoshiki'sLava Release. Naruto became enraged upon seeing Sasuke injured but was relieved to find he was all right and still able to fight after being healed by Kurama's chakra. By once again combining Kurama and Susanoo, they managed to defeat Momoshiki and cut his lava creature in half, but Katasuke rushed in and began firing ninjutsu attacks from his Kote at Momoshiki, which he absorbed and used to attack Naruto and the others. Naruto is restrained by black rods while Momoshiki prepares to eliminate the rest of the Kage. When Boruto used hisVanishing Rasenganagainst Momoshiki to free his father and the other Kage, Naruto was greatly surprised to find that his son was able to use the Rasengan. As they prepare their final assault, Naruto helps Boruto to create aParent and Child Rasengan, which Boruto himself unleashes upon Momoshiki and ultimately kills him. Naruto and Boruto reconcile. After the battle ends, Naruto sits with Sasuke and Naruto agrees Sasuke won their bet. Naruto proudly looked on at his son and stated that he would always be there to watch Boruto grow as his father. After returning home, Naruto posed for a photograph with Boruto, Sasuke, and the four other Kage. In the anime, Naruto hosted a shared birthday party for Boruto and Himawari as an apology for his actions during Himawari's actual birthday and brought home a cake for the family to eat. After Boruto punched Naruto, thinking it was a shadow clone, Naruto began scolding him, while Himawari asked for a piggy back ride. Hinata maintained order by threatening to throw the cake away. The next morning, as Boruto left to meet with his team and Naruto left to go to work, both wished each other to do their best and bumped fists with each other. While Boruto was giving a live interview on Konoha TV, Naruto watches it proudly from his desk. Main article:Chōchō ArcIn the anime, when the twoleadactorsof a popular TV drama received a death threat, Naruto assigned Team 7 and Team 10 to protect them. Main article:Mitsuki's Disappearance ArcIn the anime, whentwoguardswere attacked byunknownassailants, the village was put on lockdown. Naruto and his advisers then oversaw Ino probe Uō's mind for answers, learning thatMitsukihad left willingly with the attackers. When Naruto revealed to the others Mitsuki was in fact Orochimaru's son, much outrage followed, prompting Naruto to give his rational on why he accepted Mitsuki into Konoha. Later, Naruto was informed that Boruto and Sarada left the village to find Mitsuki, leading to him dispatchingTeam 10to retrieve the pair. When Naruto learned that the attackers were on route to theLand of Earth, he contactedKurotsuchi, who promised to investigate the matter herself and return the Konoha genin pursing Mitsuki. While discussing Mitsuki's apparent betrayal, Konohamaru insisted he be the one to bring his student back, which Naruto reluctantly agreed to. Naruto later attempted to contact Kurotsuchi, but was told she wasn't available, leading to him becoming suspicious something was happening inIwagakure. Naruto attending Ōnoki's funeral. Later, Naruto's fears were proven correct when Shikadai contacted his father via phone, revealing that Iwagakure was taken over as part of a plan by Ōnoki. Knowing that they couldn't act hastily, Naruto talks with the other officials and decided that he would join Shikamaru in meeting with the other daimyō to get their support on engaging this personal matter. After getting approval, Naruto and an escort moved out, and allowed his son's peers to come with him. Upon arriving at the batted village, Naruto applauded Konohamaru's work during the Iwa's internal struggle. Naruto stayed in the village and attended Ōnoki's funeral, prompting him to say theTsuchikageleft behind a grand legacy and lesson about perseverance. After returning to the village, while personally applauding Boruto and Sarada for loyally supporting Mitsuki, whose own efforts were revealed to have saved Iwa, he still was reluctantly forced to strip the Team 7 genin of their shinobi status as punishment for deserting the village. Later, Kurotsuchi's gratitude and recommendation convinced Naruto to reinstate them. Main article:Konohamaru's Love ArcIn the anime, due to Konohamaru spying onAsaki, a complaint was filed against him, prompting Naruto to place him under house arrest. Main article:One-Tail Escort Arc Naruto meets with the tailed beasts to discuss Urashiki. In the anime, after Sai delivered a sealedShukakuin a tea kettle to Naruto as a result of Gaara being unable to protect it in theLand of WindfromUrashiki Ōtsutsuki, Shukaku explained it only made it to Konoha due to Boruto acting as a decoy against their pursuer. Informing Shikamaru he was going to the scene, Sasuke approached the pair and told him that wasn't necessary, as Sasuke had earlier protected Boruto and forced Urashiki to retreat. Three days later, Naruto and Gaara discussed the incident in his office. Afterwards, Naruto had a Shadow Clone see the Kazekage off at the Thunder Rail station. Some time later, Naruto brought Shukaku to his house until an official safe house was decided on. Later that evening, Naruto had a telepathic meeting with some of the other tailed beasts to discuss how to handle being targeted. As a result of guarding Shukaku, Naruto got to spend time with his family, before escorting Shukaku to his safe house. Main article:Time Slip Arc A young Naruto and Boruto discussing Boruto's father. In the anime, Naruto was notified that Urashiki was on the move again, being even more indiscriminate in his stealing of chakra. While pleased that all of the Five Great Shinobi Nations were on alert and willing to share all intel on Urashiki, Shikamaru voiced his concern about Mirai's sudden disappearance and also wondered what their enemy true goal was for gathering chakra. Later, Naruto decided to have the genin test new surveillance equipment designed to follow their location. During the field test, Urashiki was spotted in the area. This prompted most of the Konoha-nin in the village to engage, while Shikamaru stayed in the Hokage Office to help protect Naruto. Urashiki managed to get hold of a device that allowed him to travel into the past, prompting Sasuke and Boruto being sent back alongside him to the time period shortly after Sasuke's defection. A teenage Naruto and Jiraiya encountered the pair, who were disguising their identities and their occupations as travelling performers. As they were foreigners, Tsunade has Naruto and Jiraiya look over them. Spending time with Boruto, Naruto allowed him to sleep at his apartment, where Boruto vaguely talked about his father, speaking about both his feats and his flaws, where Naruto was intrigued to hear about, noting that Boruto enjoyed talking about his family, and inquired Boruto if he hated his father, to which Boruto denied. Naruto training with Boruto. The day after cleaning up a bathhouse together, Urashiki targeted Naruto. Failing at extracting Kurama's chakra, Urashiki instead captured him and trapped Boruto, Sasuke and Jiraiya in a rock prison before retreating. Using a cave for a hideout, Urashiki forced Naruto's seal to emerge and used his chakra in an attempt to forcibly extract Kurama' chakra from within Naruto. Urashiki's actions caused Kurama's chakra to leak out, forcing Naruto to undergo hisVersion 1transformation. Arriving to rescue Naruto, Boruto attempted to reason with his father, but Naruto had since completely lost his common sense and attacked Boruto. Jiraiya managed to subdue the Nine-Tails' chakra with a seal, and Sasuke forced Urashiki to retreat. Afterwards, Jiraiya offered to train Naruto and Boruto to prepare them for Urashiki. The following day, Naruto began working with Boruto to synchronise their chakra to create a new cooperation ninjutsu under Jiraiya's guidance. After Boruto left to clear his head, Sasuke approached Naruto with food from Jiraiya, and told Naruto about how ""a friend"" struggled for years to help him after he lost his way, but never gave up until finally succeeding, which renewed Naruto's conviction. Continuing his training the next day, the pair were approached by Sakura, who had found Sasuke's note from the future, and questioned why it Sasuke's name on it before shortly leaving with an answer. Naruto and Boruto resumed their training, which ultimately left them exhausted. They were then approached again by Urashiki, who subdued the pair. Jiraiya and Sasuke joined the fight. Deciding the foe's newest technique was too dangerous, Sasuke tackled himself and Urashiki over the ledge and into a river to let his allies escape. While tending to Jiraiya's wounds, the group tried to figure out how to deal with Urashiki. Boruto realised that in the fight, the blood splattered on Urashiki was drying much faster than Boruto's. After engaging the foe again to test a theory, they concluded that Urashiki's technique lets himwarp into the pastby several seconds, giving him a pseudo-clairvoyance from his experiences. Urashiki attacked the Konoha-nin again, where Jiraiya contained everyone in hisSummoning: Toad Mouth Bind. During which, Naruto unleashed a continued barrage of clones on Urashiki. While he easily countered the assault with his technique, Urashiki inadvertently poisoned himself from the acidic vapours of the great toad's belly far sooner than the Konoha-nin due to his repeated time-warp. Once Jiraiya released the summoning, Naruto and Boruto then proceeded to knockout Urashiki with aRasenganassault. Naruto and Boruto facing Urashiki. Enraged, Urashiki awoke and consumed all his accumulated chakra and his eyes, leading to him undergoing a transformation that strengthened him. Jiraiya and the two genin were quickly overwhelmed by Urashiki's continued assaults, even with the aid of the returning Sasuke. Urashiki deliberately held back on Naruto, hoping to anger him enough into unleashing the Nine-Tails' chakra. His efforts ultimately succeeded when Jiraiya took a hit that was intended for Naruto, triggering his transformation. Boruto, however, managed to reach Naruto and together were able to perfect theirnew collaboration technique. With the combined effort of Jiraiya and Sasuke, the two kids were able to plough through Urashiki's final attack and obliterate him. After the battle, both Naruto and Boruto lose consciousness due to their exhaustion. Days after Naruto and Boruto recovered at the Konoha hospital, he was upset to hear that Boruto and Sasuke would be leaving now that their mission was completed. Before they left, Naruto gave Boruto a gift. Sasuke used his Sharingan toeraseeveryone's memories of the events to preserve the timeline. On seeing the Sharingan, Naruto had what appeared to be a brief moment of recognising Sasuke before losing consciousness. Upon the pair returning, Naruto was approached by Sasuke who explained the recent situation he and Boruto had. Naruto was amazed at such a tale. Later, while visiting Jiraiya's grave to pay his respect, he was approached by Boruto, who decided to share with Naruto the gift of special ramen given by his past self. Sometime later, Sumire was officially transferred to theScientific Ninja Weapons Team. Naruto reached out to the Land of Iron and requested an exchange student to take Sumire's spot onTeam 15. Shikamaru was concerned about his experimental move of mixing shinobi with samurai, but Naruto insisted it would help close the gap between the two. Later, Naruto attended his father-in-law's birthday, impressed by Boruto getting past his aversion mushy feelings to suggest a regular family photo. Main article:Sasuke Shinden: The Teacher's Star PupilNaruto appears in this novel. Main articles:Mujina Bandits ArcandShikamaru ShindenIn the anime, Naruto set up a mission forTeam 7to infiltrateHōzuki Castleto verify the information about theMujina Banditsoffered byKokuriin exchange for protection. After losing contact fromMujō, the prison warder who was working with Konohagakure, Naruto sent Sai and a team to investigate. Ultimately, the succeeded in returning ""Kokuri"" to the village to question him about the Mujina Bandits before letting the man go free. At the Hokage building, Naruto hosted a Kage Summit, during which the Kage bickered about topics concerning Konoha, leading toKurotsuchidemanding Konoha to disclose all of its confidential information as the village's proof to peace by the next summit, and saidIwagakurewould leave the Five Great Shinobi Country alliance if they didn't. Afterwards the summit ended. Naruto was told then by Shikamaru that the reason why Kurotsuchi was acting that way was because she was being pressured by the Earth Daimyō to invade the Land of Flowers for the corps they had to offer and expressed sadness that Kurotsuchi didn't tell them as he believed that the Shinobi Union would have definitely aided her when it came to food scarcity and other issues and the potential of another war, remembering the casualties of the last war and not wanting to use and introduce the next generation to the horrors of war. Naruto found hope, however, when Shikamaru said they could negotiate with her so the invasion won't happen.[65] Unfortunately, in the next Kage Summit, Naruto's revelation of Kurotsuchi's true intentions only causeDaruito angrily threaten to kill Kurotsuchi and to add things worse, Naruto and Sasuke's strength were used as a boon for Kurotsuchi's cause, as they had the power to take over the continent and the imbalance in strength between Konoha and the other villages were thus immense. Despite Naruto's attempts to ensure Konoha would not try to take over the world, Shikamaru responded by paralysing and threatening to crush Kurotsuchi's neck, much to Naruto's horror and fury. Quickly, Naruto used his chakra to break out of Shikamaru's shadow and angrily put Shikamaru in place before attempting to plea for peace but he could not sway Kurotsuchi or Darui, who made it clear they would go to war if the invasion were to occur. Furious over the outcome, Naruto angrily confronted Shikamaru when they walked home but was rebuffed by his friend, who told him to think with his head and start responding harshly enough.[65] Several months after the Hōzuki Castle mission, Naruto discussed Katasuke being under mind control with Sai and Ibiki, and had them continue their investigation while Shikamaru handled Katasuki. Afterwards,Mirai Sarutobiinformed Naruto that Team Konohamaru successfully captured the Mujina Bandits, much to his joy. AsShojojiwas discussed, Naruto told everyone that they had to hurry up and handle themissing-nin.[160]Shikamaru then informed Naruto of his upcoming meeting with theFire DaimyōIkkyū Madoka, which Naruto had forgotten was later during the day. During which, he discussed financial matter with Ikkyū.[65] Main article:Kara Actuation ArcLater in the anime, Team 25 and Sasuke were sent to investigate the information extracted from the captured Shojoji about Kara's existence in Amegakure. Upon their return, they learned that Kara had long ago abandoned their facility in Amegakure and were performing biological experiments. They also learned that there were in fact civilians who sympathised with Kara and its goals. Naruto was concerned to learn that Amegakure was in shambles as it had yet to make any recovery since the Fourth Shinobi World War. He was determined to help the village. Naruto learned thatVictor, the president of theLand of Valleys' premiere medical and research company, was a member ofKarawho somehow obtained a sample of the First Hokage's cells. Naruto was greatly concerned thatTeam 7was defeated by two Inners. Upon seeing Boruto in treatment, he was certain that Boruto would be fine. Afterwards, Naruto discussed with his advisers on the next move. Shikamaru offered to use his connections in the Land of Valleys to get permission to investigate Victor's company. Three days later, it was approved for Naruto to sendMuginoand Konohamaru to stealthily investigate. Later, Naruto sentTeam 10on a joint mission withTeam Shinkito retrieve Urashiki's puppet. He later listened to Shikadai's report on the mission which greatly concerned and disturbed him. After Boruto recovered from his new training, Naruto gave his son permission to return to the Land of Valleys to return the wedding ring of their recent client's husband to her. Following the defeat of Victor and his amoral experiments, Naruto received a report on the events. Upon Konohamaru and Mugino's return, Konoha leadership discussed how to handle Kara, having learned influential figures like Victor were associated with the organisation and finding evidence in their investigation that Kara had spies all around. While many considered closing off the gates to Konohagakure to stop the flow of information, Naruto was torn on this, valuing the new peace between the village and the rest of the world. After talking various officials in the village, and witnessing Boruto and his friends work on an experiment to improve wireless communications, Naruto decided to not close the gates as it would deter cooperation with the outside world, instead deciding to reinforce security. Main article:Ao Arc Naruto facing Boruto. In the anime, Naruto attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War. Later, Naruto joins his son in a sparring match at theTraining Hall, to test out Katasuke's new invention that was fitted on his arm. During the match, Narutodefendshimself from Boruto, and uses the invention to absorb hisson'stechniques, before defeating him with a single kick. Afterwards at the Hokage's office, Naruto informs Boruto of the technology he used against him, which angered Boruto. Before Naruto could explain himself, Sasuke arrives and interrupts their conversation, calming Boruto down by pointing out the need for them with the coming danger of enemies like theŌtsutsuki Clan. Naruto also admitted to knowing about Boruto's mark on his right palm, which was another reason Naruto approved the development of this advanced weaponry. While Boruto still insisted they should rely solely on ninjutsu like in the Chūnin Exams, Naruto noted that the Chūnin Exams were to test one's growth as a ninja, where as they are now in a battle for survival. Katasuke then arrived to retrieve his prototype, to which Naruto assigned Team Konohamaru a C-rank mission to escort the lead scientist back to the lab in Ryūben City. While Boruto stormed off in a huff, Naruto asked his genin team-mates to watch over him should anything happen with his mark. As Konohamaru failed to report from his mission, Naruto contacted Boruto's team at theScientific Ninja Weapons Team's lab, who were nearest to Konohamaru's last reported location. He instructed them to search the area but be careful and not recklessly engage any foes. While Shikamaru reminded him that Team Konohamaru were all very capable for their age, Naruto insisted that he was more concerned about the possibility of them running into the organisationKaraas Konohamaru's mission was to investigate a mysterious airship. Main article:Kawaki ArcWhen Team 7 returned with news of Mugino's demise at the hands ofAo, who was in leagues with Kara, they also revealed a boy with ties to Kara namedKawaki. In the anime, he was detained at theAdvanced Technology Research Institutein Ryūtan City, prompting Naruto and Sai to go immediately and meet the boy. On the train ride, Sai noted that it was risky to take such a mysterious boy back to the village. Naruto understood Sai's fear, knowing that Kara's desire of the boy could lead to the village becoming a battlefield again. Upon arriving in the station, they learned that Kawaki escaped and was on a rampage. Before Naruto and Sai could act, they met with Boruto and Sumire, the latter insisted to not hurt Kawaki. She noted that Kawaki's rampage stemmed from emotional scars due to his troubled past. Taking Sumire's words to heart, Naruto stopped Kawaki's passively, subduing him until he tired himself out and collapsed. Naruto comforts Kawaki. Naruto decided he was most suitable to monitor Kawaki, and held a Kage Summit to discuss the situation. Following the unanimous agreement from other Kage with Naruto, he took the boy to his house, during which he foiled Kawaki's attempts at fleeing. There, Kawaki attempting to escape, but Naruto intimidated him into submission. His escape attempt resulted in Himawari's vase being destroyed. Naruto intervened when Boruto and Kawaki began fighting, and later overheard Kawaki speaking of his hardship as a result of his Kāma. Afterwards, Naruto took Kawaki toYamanaka Flowersto pick a new vase, where he hugged Kawaki after he had a panic attack. Sometime later, Naruto and Boruto sparred; he defeated his son, even while Boruto used his Kāma. Naruto offered for Kawaki to try sparring with Boruto next time, but Kawaki declined as he couldn't use chakra, prompting Naruto to insist that all can learn to do so and that having strong rivals will help one in accomplishing great things. Later, Boruto decided to take Kawaki's offer of learning what he knows about their Kāma. Deciding to do so through sparring, the two children quickly activated their respective marks. While Boruto kept up in hand-to-hand combat, Kawaki's usage of his modified body put Boruto on the defensive. Kawaki then launched a blast at Naruto with the intent of him absorbing it like previously, only for Boruto to instead damage his hand. Naruto called off the match and told the two to perform the Seal of Reconciliation. The event made their marks react and caused Boruto's hand to instantly heal. Before pushing the subject, Naruto was alerted of an intruder. Naruto told his son to take Himawari away while he stayed with Kawaki, certain that the intruder was after Kawaki. His assumption proved correct as they were quickly met byDelta. She demanded Naruto hand over Kawaki to her, and Kawaki confirmed her identity as an Inner from Kara. Naruto instructed Boruto to protect Himawari and Kawaki to protect himself. Naruto fighting Delta. Fighting her, Naruto initially outperformed her with taijutsu, but she began making use of her shinobi-ware to launch sneak attacks and absorb his Rasengan. Naruto entered his Six Paths Sage Mode, but Delta was eventually able to stab him and pin him down. He tried to discern her motives for wanting Kawaki, but she saw through his deception, and noticed he was already healing, considering Naruto to be a monster as well. While Naruto was continually forced to hold back in fear of the spectators' safety, he continued to gradually wear down his foe, leading to Delta using her Destruction Beam against Naruto to combat his regenerative ability. Eventually, Delta targets Himawari, leading to Naruto blocking the attack with his body, but is uninjured as Kawaki sacrificed his right arm to block the attack. Enraged at her tactics, Naruto resumed the fight and quickly overwhelmed her. Naruto, having seen her return his Rasengan that she absorbed, deduces that there was a limit to how much chakra her eyes can absorb since the chakra or attack had to be stored somewhere in her body rather than dissipating and vanishing, prompting him to overpower and defeat Delta with hisSuper-Ultra-Big Ball Rasengan. Defeated, Delta's body self-destructed, forcing Naruto to flee the vicinity with the children. Naruto training Kawaki. Later, when bringing Kawaki to Katasuke to repair Kawaki's arm, the scientist informed him that the technology in Kawaki's body was too advanced for him to handle. Finding an alternate solution, Naruto gave Kawaki one of his prosthetic arms and channelled some of his chakra into Kawaki to make it work. Shocked at how sincere Naruto was at being nice, Kawaki asked to learn ninjutsu, which Naruto agreed to and began training him. Quite a while after Delta's defeat, while Naruto and Kawaki were at his house, he notices Kawaki in distress, resulting in his Kāma creating a portal which Jigen emerged from. Wanting to take his son back, Naruto attempted to attack him but was repelled away and impaled by chakra draining rods. Activating his chakra mode, Naruto kicks Jigen away from Kawaki. Jigen then proceeded to activate his Kāma. Fearing for the Hokage's safety, with Jigen's power entirely above Delta's and capable of either killing or severely injuring Naruto, Kawaki stepped in and submitted, agreeing to back willingly with Jigen if he spared Naruto. While Jigen agreed to the terms, Naruto refused to comply. Jigen responded by teleporting himself and Naruto to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke facing Jigen. As Jigen attempted to strand Naruto there, he was attacked and stopped by Sasuke. Being away from Konoha and free to fight with all their power, the pair engaged in battle with Jigen, leading to Sasuke deducing their opponent's fighting style involved shrinking himself and his rods. Pressuring Jigen, the Kara member taped into his Kāma and grew a horn. Upon seeing Jigen's development, Sasuke revealed how he resembled anunknownŌtsutsuki member, and that Jigen had ties with a juvenile Ten-Tails. As Sasuke also revealed that Jigen's goal was to drain the entire planet of all its chakra, the two shinobi decided to fight with their full power. Despite their strong avatar forms and team-work, Jigen ploughed through their defences. As he swiftly wore down and pummelled his foes, he restrained the pair with rods and decided to keep Naruto alive because of Kurama in him while killing Sasuke due to his Rinnegan's Space-Time Ninjutsu. Accepting the truth, Naruto had his clones hold off Jigen while he convinced Sasuke to escape despite his friend's protests. Jigen revealed that he was after Boruto Uzumaki for his Kāma and sealed Naruto in a giant pot which he shrunk, leaving Naruto trapped within the foreign dimension. Afterwards,Borostood guard over the pot, during which Boruto and Kawaki used their Kama totransportNaruto's unconscious body out before killing the Kara member. Returning to Konoha, they were all taken to the hospital for treatment. As Naruto made a quick recovery, he was impressed to hear of the genin's work, and joked that rebellious genin seemed to still be a thing. In the anime, they discussed the recent events. Kawaki informed them that each member of Kara was modified with Shinobi-Ware, granting them abilities besides ninjutsu. After everyone else left, Shikamaru discussed with Naruto on how best to deal with Kawaki, as his Kāma acted as a direct path to Konoha at any time for Kara. Upon learning of Boro's cult, Naruto assigned Sai and Konohamaru to investigate, hoping to discover new information on the new whereabouts of Kara's Ten-Tails. They returned and reported Boro's scheme for getting new cultists and using them as subjects for Kara's Vessel experiments, as well as that despite her defeat to Naruto, Delta was somehow still active, having destroyed the cult's base. Naruto interrogates Amado. Later, Naruto was informed by Ino of Shikadai being taken hostage byAmado. Though he wished to speak to Shikamaru, he was glad to learn of Naruto's rescue, and revealed he wished to defect to Konoha, offering intel on Kara, Jigen, their Ten-Tails, and the Ōtsutsuki. After Naruto gave his word as Hokage to not go back on the deal provided his intel was good, Amado began explaining all he knew. He revealed that how the Ōtsutsuki have since before recorded history been travelling from planet to planet, harvesting its chakra for the sake of evolving itself while destroying the planet in the process, using the Ten-Tails for the process. He revealed that Jigen himself was turned into an Ōtsutsuki from being branded by his Kāma of Isshiki. Amado also revealed to have sabotaged the blimp to free Kawaki and likewise ensure that Sasuke would get the intel of Isshiki. Amado's glasses began beeping. His glasses were taken off, revealing a holographic projection of Jigen talking with his accompliceKoji Kashinintended to kill Jigen. As Naruto was intrigued by Koji's techniques and battle tactics, Amado insisted that Naruto accept his request to officially join Konohagakure with full amnesty and protection in order to hear more of his secrets, which Naruto agreed. Amado carried on his explanation, sharing what he knew of Jigen, the Ōtsutsuki, and Kāma. He stressed how a full rebirth of the Ōtsutsuki must be avoided, and claimed he'd teach them how to kill an Ōtsutsuki. When Jigen's death triggered Isshiki's resurrection in his body, Amado explained this also erased Kawaki's Kāma to avoid duplicates, leading Shikamaru to realise that without any remaining Kāma, Isshiki was vulnerable to a permanent death. Naruto halts Isshiki's search. After Amado was officially made a citizen of Konohagakure, made aware of his rights and limitations, he warned them of Isshiki's immediate focus on rebranding Kawaki. He advised Naruto against taking the fight to Isshiki, and stressed that had to protect Kawaki against being rebranded. Naruto took his advice and ordered a civilian evacuation, as Isshiki would seek Kawaki in Konoha. Naruto was against Boruto staying to fight him, but where interrupted by an alert of Isshiki's arrival. Naruto ordered Boruto to join the evacuation as he went to confront Isshiki. Isshiki was surprised to see Naruto had escaped, but demanded for Kawaki. When Naruto refused, Isshiki began shrinking various targets in the village to destroy it. Naruto activated hisSix Paths Sage Mode, but Isshiki easily overpowered him. Sasuke soon joined the fight, levelling the battlefield. He then launched his sword at Isshiki. As Isshiki attempted to shrink it, it was revealed to Borutotransformed. As Naruto was horrified by his son's arrival, Boruto activated hisKāma,teleportinghimself and Isshiki to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke followed through the latter's Rinnegan. As the Konoha-nin faced down Isshiki, he decided the best way to get Kawaki was to present Sasuke and Naruto's corpses to the village. The fight quickly resumed, with Naruto and Sasuke's team-work managing to push Isshiki on the defence as he began shrinking all their attacks. Quickly however, Isshiki demonstrated a new technique, manifesting and manipulatingmassive black cubesthat separated the duo. Naruto overwhelming Isshiki. Realising he was running out of options, Kurama asked Naruto if he was really willing to sacrifice himself to stop Isshiki. Naruto confirmed it, and Kurama offered a last-ditch strategy which would have a high risk of death from using it. Accepting his duties as Hokage, Naruto faced Isshiki and took on a new form ofBaryon Mode. Kurama explained to Naruto that the form is like nuclear fusion, consuming all their respective energy and that he must be careful not to make any unnecessary movements or thoughts. The new form baffled everyone with its sheer power. Naruto quickly began overwhelming Isshiki, constantly countering and dodging the foes various assaults. Soon after, the strain of Baryon Mode began catching up as Naruto began to tire. Kurama noted this form gradually drains away all life-forces, including Naruto's. However, it would also drain Isshiki's with each contact, meaning they just had to keep pressuring Isshiki until his already diminished lifespan ran out. As Isshiki began getting desperate, he took advantage of Naruto's chakra connection to Kawaki through the latter's prosthetic arm. From this, he teleported Kawaki to them with the goal of rebranding Kawaki before his time ran out. As Kawaki tried to escape Isshiki, he opted to use Kawaki's love for Naruto against him, assaulting the downed Hokage. Despite Naruto's insistence that Kawaki forget about him, Kawaki ultimately showed himself and attacked using the ninjutsu Naruto taught him. Isshiki easily negated it and branded Kawaki again, only for it to be revealed as a shadow clone. Naruto watches Kurama's life fade away. Finally, Isshiki's time ran out and he crumbled to dust. Sasuke then asked Naruto about his new power, but before he could answer, Boruto, being controlled byMomoshiki, suddenly stabbed Sasuke's left eye. Naruto attempted to help fighting Momoshiki, but collapsed, feeling heavy as lead, and passed out. Inside his subconscious, Naruto had a final conversation with Kurama. He told the kitsune that he had no ill will to Kurama despite the loss of his parents. As Naruto was prepared to die and voiced his concerns for the village, Kurama revealed that Naruto would awake soon and fine, as it was Kurama's life that was gambled from using Baryon Mode. Kurama assured Naruto that it never actually lied to Naruto, but knew the Hokage wouldn't risk Kurama's own life so he hid the truth. As Kurama's life began to fade, it warned Naruto that he would lose all access to Kurama's chakra and abilities, meaning he would have to be more careful from now on. Naruto desperately reached out for Kurama before waking up to see Boruto, Sasuke, and Kawaki standing over him. Naruto comforts Boruto over his Kāma. With Sasuke's Rinnegan and Kawaki's Kāma gone, it was up to Boruto to use his mark to bring everyone back with aid from Kawaki. Upon returning to the village, Naruto was relieved. In the anime, shortly after returning, Naruto was examined by Sakura and Katasuke for any remaining traces of Kurama's essence and capacities. The tests found nothing, confirming that Kurama's death would considerably drop Naruto's abilities and fighting potential. Naruto admitted that Kurama's power had felt like cheating, and despite the void left behind, he chose not to wallow on it, believing that Kurama would make fun of him over it. Afterwards, Naruto received confirmation that Boruto's Kāma was accelerating, and decided to inform Boruto himself. He vowed to do everything in his power to save Boruto. When Kawaki returned his prosthetic hand, having his natural one restored by Amado, Naruto offered to make him a genin. Main article:Chūnin Re-Examination Arc Naruto attending the chūnin ceremony. In the anime, Naruto had the Chūnin Exam that Momoshiki interrupted reorganised, as a way to boost morale and promote more capable chūnin. Naruto acted as a proctor during the second portion of the exams, evaluating the genin's abilities. During the final exam, Naruto invited Kawaki to attended, and watched the matches alongside Sai and Shikamaru. Commentating on the matches, Naruto and Shikamaru agreed that Boruto and Mitsuki would be disqualified for being late to their match. After the event, he asked Kawaki what he thought, leading to him expressing interest in becoming a genin. Later, after assigning Konohamaru and Mirai a mission, Naruto allowed Konohamaru students to assist him when Mirai returned to the village alone and injured. After Team 7 succeeded in their mission, Naruto hosted the promotion ceremony for the new chūnin, assigning them as captains of their teams. As Naruto decided to test Kawaki for qualification as a shinobi, Shikamaru voiced his concerns, feeling that his modified body would be a prime target for enemies to go after. Naruto however insisted that for Kawaki to grow, he needed to experience the outside world and make friends who could protect him. Because Kawaki fared poorly in D-rank missions with different teams, lacking team-work, Shikamaru deemed him unfit for being a shinobi. He and Naruto agreed to assign him a C-rank escort mission with Team 10 as a final chance to qualify as a genin. Konohamaru arrived and handed him intel on a recently discovered dead body. They wondered about a connection with five other similar incidents in other countries. They determined there was a connection, as all of them were from the Land of Calm Seas. As Team 10 was escorting a client there, Naruto sent Team 7 as backup, as they were out in a mission nearby. At the end of the mission, Boruto reported to Naruto how the Calm Seas Daimyō was exploiting his people. While Naruto couldn't directly interfere, he could send a medical team as a form of aid relief. Later, Kawaki asked for another chance to prove himself, but Naruto revealed that based on Shikadai's report, he passed the exam, and would take missions as a genin under him. Main article:Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure ArcIn the anime, the Land of Water faced a civil war against theFunato Clan.Team 5andTeam 7accidentally found themselves caught in it. Aiding Kirigakure, the genin were able to help end the war peacefully. Upon the genin's return to Konohagakure, Naruto informed them of the aftermath from Chōjūrō. As Boruto asked about the fate of his new friendIkada Funato, a ship-builder who was drawn to the war after hissister'sdeath. Kawaki voiced that he deserved punishment as an enemy commander. Boruto insisted that Ikada was a good person and was key in ending the war. As Kawaki stormed off annoyed at Boruto, Naruto approached Boruto, commending him for his efforts in the war and sympathising with Boruto's new view. He encouraged Boruto to make up with Kawaki. Naruto soon after found the two boys instead coming to blows with each other. Naruto cheerfully watched the fight until the two collapsed against each other. Working off their aggression, the two put aside their differences. Naruto approached them, telling Boruto about Ikada's lenient punishment of surveillance underKajiki's care. Naruto treated them to some ramen. Naruto and his family on vacation. Naruto later went on a family vacation to a hot spring inn that Himawari won in a raffle, sending Konohamaru in his place to the filming of the next Kagemasa movie where he was to make a guest appearance and use the Rasengan on the climax. At the inn, he and Hinata beat Boruto and Kawaki at ping-pong due to their superior team-work. Naruto later lost to Himawari at a card matching game, and assured Kawaki he was part of the family. Main article:Kawaki & Himawari Academy ArcIn the anime, Naruto and Shikamaru assigned Kawaki a secret mission, to protect PrincessKae Yukiwarifrom theLand of Bamboowhile she attended the Academy as an exchange student. They explained that Kae's father discovered an assassination plot targeting his daughter, and sent her there while he investigated the matter domestically, Kae herself unaware of the threat. Naruto picked Kawaki because of his lower profile with the public, and offered some advice on how to connect with the students. Naruto gave a speech during the opening ceremony, and was later pleased by Kawaki's report of having befriended Kae. He also felt that Kawaki had something to learn from attending the Academy, despite his advanced fighting skills. Following a terrorist attack on the Academy that served as a diversion for an attempt on Kae's life, Konoha leadership learned that Kawaki didn't report the possibility of an attack, and removed him from the mission. Naruto told Kawaki to stay home until further notice. However, Kawaki later thwarted another attempt on Kae's life, and Naruto informed him that it allowed Batora to report his investigation and arrest theLand of Bamboo's ministeras the mastermind behind the plot. While reviewing background files,Hana Kakawas discovered to hail from the Land of Bamboo, leading to the full uncovering of the plot against Kae. After other conspirators were arrested by Sai and Team 25, Sai, Shikamaru, and Kawaki reported the events to Naruto. Naruto was amenable to Hana's wish to merely suppress her assassin personality in order to teach her to live for more than just her mission. Her wish to maybe one day be friends with it reminded him of his history with Kurama. Naruto was glad that Kawaki's time in the Academy helped him grow, and he was later pleased by how engrossed Himawari was with the Academy, despite still not having decided whether she wanted to be a shinobi or not. Main article:Code's Assault Arc Naruto, Sai, and Shikamaru talking about Code's movements. Later, Naruto and Shikamaru decided to indefinitely take Boruto off active-duty while deciding on how to deal with his Kāma, helping him pass time with various interviews from the media about his victory over Isshiki. After Amado finished restoring Kawaki's arm, he talked to Naruto about the remaining Kara-threats including their Ten-Tails seed as well asCode, who would inevitably seek out and kill all who were responsible for Isshiki's death. Hearing such a threat, Naruto requested Shikamaru to set up a Kage Summit. During the Kage meeting, they discussed Code, Amado's trustworthiness, and the issue of Momoshiki taking over Boruto, to which Naruto swore to handle it should the need arise. He later approached Amado to deal with Boruto's Kāma. He provided him with pills he developed as a means to defeat Jigen. As the Byakugan originates with the Ōtsutsuki, he theorised that weakening it might interfere with the Kāma's progress. As Boruto was given the pills and explained the nature of them, Naruto was horrified at how recklessly Boruto decided to take them. Later, Naruto and Konohamaru watched the Team 7 and Kawaki training together. Naruto declares that Kawaki is his son. Later, Naruto found Kawaki moping about his lack of acceptance in the village. Naruto brought him back home, where a welcome dinner party was held for Kawaki. Naruto and his family made it clear that he was welcomed to stay as long as he desired. Naruto further insisted that this was the very reason he became Hokage. While Kawaki was taking magazines out to the trash, Naruto dozed off on the dinner table. When Boruto discovered Kawaki's ruse to avoid surveillance, he exposed it to Naruto, who confirmed it with Nishi as Kawaki released his shadow clone. He notified Ino and Shikamaru of the development, and was against Boruto leaving to find Kawaki, as he was under surveillance for the same reason and returned to discussing the search with Ino. When Ino determined it was futile to search through sensing, Naruto thought back to Boruto's words and searched for him, and confirmed with Nishi he was nowhere nearby. Naruto rescues Kawaki. Using Sage Mode, Naruto was able to locate Boruto and Kawaki, alongside anunknown individual. Hinata attempted to join him, but he stressed she had to take care of Himawari if something happened to him. As Naruto left two shadow clones on standby to store up more senjutsu chakra, Shikamaru arrived, refusing to let Naruto leave the village against the threat without him since the Hokage now no longer had Kurama for additional power. Shikamaru reminded Naruto that he cannot maintain Sage Mode for long anymore, but Naruto insisted that he can maintain it longer on his own drawing from years of experience. They arrive in time to save Kawaki from having his arm broken by Momoshiki, who had taken over Boruto again. Naruto checked on Kawaki, who begged him to flee, fearing his death. Naruto refused to abandon anyone. Code took Shikamaru hostage, who in turn told Naruto to ignore him and attack. Momoshiki decided to help Code killing Naruto, who was also a problem for him, and attacked with anUltra-Big Ball Rasengan. He was surprised to see Kawaki absorbing the jutsu with a new Kāma. Naruto continued to watch in disbelief as Kawaki began attacking Momoshiki with no restraint, displaying Isshiki's jutsu in the process. Eventually, Naruto intervened, as Kawaki's attacked would have killed Boruto. He tried to reason with Kawaki, who remained committed to killing Momoshiki. Boruto managed to hold back Momoshiki's personality for a moment, and pushed Naruto out of the way, allowing Kawaki to strike through his chest. Code opted to leave and released Shikamaru. While Kawaki was overwhelming Code, he pulled Daemon through the Claw Mark of his face, reflecting Kawaki's attack and knocking him out before leaving. Shikamaru tried to snap Naruto out of his stupor, and began to consider how to deal with Kawaki, arguing with Naruto, who still wanted to support Kawaki. He was stunned when Boruto woke up, his injuries completely healed. Main article:Omnipotence ArcAfter everyone returned to the village, Naruto kept watch over Kawaki as Shikamaru had Sumire examine him. They and Ibiki discussed how to handle Kawaki, and Naruto intended to have a long talk with Kawaki when he wakes up. Sumire noticed the heavy atmosphere around Naruto and asked Shikamaru about it. He claimed Naruto was just exhausted from almost being killed. When Kawaki woke up, he asked Naruto if he'd condemn him for killing Boruto. Naruto revealed Boruto was fine because of his Kāma. He added was grateful that Kawaki was there, otherwise they might all have died, and that Boruto felt the same. As Naruto reassured him that he belonged in Konoha and was family, Ino alerted him of Code andAda's invasion. Naruto feigned a previous appointment and left after confirming that Boruto was fine to a startled Sumire. After Code and Ada left taking Amado with them, Naruto listened as Shikamaru explained Ada's alluring ability and speculated on the other cyborg that Code employed in his battle the previous night. When Kawaki acted callous when considering Amado's possible death and deriding Shikamaru, Naruto censored him. As Shikamaru briefed Team 7 on their new surveillance mission living with Ada and Daemon, Naruto discussed it with Sasuke, explaining how Shikamaru managed to covertly control Boruto and Kawaki into acting more cautiously by entrusting them with responsibility in the form of a mission. When Naruto noticed Sasuke noticing something, Sasuke dismissed it. After Ada and Daemon departed for their new home, Naruto joined Shikamaru in getting Amado to share everything he was still keeping secret. He listened as Amado explained theshinjutsunature of Ada's and Daemon's abilities, their origins inShibai Ōtsutsuki's remains, and Amado's goal of using Kawaki's Kāma to resurrect his daughterAkebi. When Shikamaru asked Ada to confirm Amado's claims with herSenrigan, Naruto found it a bit excessive. He was satisfied with Amado's goal, and decided he wouldn't interfere in his matters with Kawaki if it didn't endanger Konoha. Naruto agreed to Ada's request to call it a day, as they had just arrived in the village. While preparing for dinner with Hinata, they were joined by Kawaki, who asked Naruto not to inform the sensors of his presence. Naruto listened as Kawaki reiterated how much he changed because of Naruto, and how he came to think that shinobi and good people like Naruto would be the first to die in any conflict with Ōtsutsuki. When Kawaki said he'd eliminate all the Ōtsutsuki to protect Naruto, including Boruto, Naruto refused to let Kawaki do this. Not wanting to hurt Naruto, nor let him get in the way, Kawaki sent Naruto and Hinata away withDaikokuten, where they'd be suspended in time, unable to think, and requiring no air or sustenance. Naruto and Hinata trapped in Kawaki's dimension. For the next three years, Naruto and Hinata remained unconscious and frozen in time within Daikokuten's dimension, where Kawaki could visit them. Due to Kawaki andAda'sactions, Boruto was accused for killing the Hokage, with details of his absence not being public knowledge outside of Konoha,[161]and the incident angrily upsetting the village's citizens.[162] In the wake of Konoha's destruction four years after theŌtsutsukiattack on the village,KawakitellsBorutothat he will send him to where he sent the Seventh Hokage. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of SnowTeam 7is dispatched to theLand of Snowto protect the lead actressKoyuki Kazahana, during the shooting of the new Princess Gale movie. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of GelelNaruto, Sakura and Shikamaru are sent to track and bring a ferret back to its owner. However, when the group is attacked by mysterious soldiers, they embark on to something big. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Guardians of the Crescent Moon KingdomNaruto, Sakura, Rock Lee and Kakashi are assigned to protect the future prince of theLand of the Moon,Hikaru Tsuki. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the MovieNaruto is assigned to protect the priestessShion, who starts having visions of his death. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: BondsA group of ninja from theLand of the Skylaunched a surprise attack on Konoha and to stop this new threat, Naruto and Sasuke join forces. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of FireTeam Kakashiworks together to stop Kakashi from sacrificing himself to stop a world war. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Lost TowerNaruto is sent on a mission to stopMukade. However, during the mission Naruto is sent 20 years into the past. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Blood PrisonNaruto gets framed for the attempted assassination of the Raikage. In his subsequent attempts to break out of theprison, he gradually discovers the prison's dark secrets. Main article:Road to Ninja: Naruto the MovieNaruto and Sakura end up in an alternate reality in a test version of ProjectEye of the Moon Planwhere Naruto never lost his parents and many characters have different personalities. Main article:List of video gamesAs the main character of the series, Naruto is a playable character in everyNarutovideo game. As the series has progressed, Naruto has become playable in various forms, often with different move-sets for each. New video game-exclusive forms are also available at times, such as a version of Naruto wearingMight Guy's jump suit, a version wearingSon Gokū's Turtle School Uniform, Naruto fromShippū! Konoha Gakuen Den!, and ""Mecha-Naruto."" The video games also put some extra emphasis on his taijutsu; most of the time Naruto in the past fights akin to a brawler; while in his incarnation fromThe Last: Naruto the Movie, he instead fights more like a hand-to-hand boxer. Naruto is featured in the online game,Fortnite, in his Part II outfit as a playable skin. Main article:Live Spectacle NarutoKoudai Matsuoka plays as Naruto in this stage play adaption. When creating Naruto,Masashi Kishimotoincorporated into the character a number of traits he felt made an ideal hero: a straightforward way of thinking, a mischievous side, and many of the attributes possessed bySon Gokūfrom theDragon Ballfranchise. He also made sure to keep Naruto ""simple and stupid,"" since he does not like smart characters. Naruto himself is not modeled after anyone in particular, being conceived as childlike, with something of a dark side as a result of his harsh past. Despite this, he is always positive, making him unique in Kishimoto's eyes. The first version of Naruto that Masashi Kishimoto drew. Naruto's wardrobe is based on clothing Kishimoto wore when he was younger; according to Kishimoto, using a pre-existing design would not have made Naruto unique, whereas something original would have made him stand out too much. The orange colouring of his costume is used to make Naruto ""pop,"" with blues often being used to complement the orange. Because Naruto is associated with spirals, swirl patterns are incorporated into his costume. Initial illustrations of Naruto had him wearing boots, but Kishimoto substituted these for sandals, because he likes drawing toes. The goggles that Naruto used to wear were also replaced with a forehead protector, because the goggles themselves were too time-consuming to draw. Kishimoto said that he felt glad that his character had blond hair and blue eyes. The editor ofShōnen Jumpin the United States added that Kishimoto implied that the traits may have led the character to appeal to a Western audience. Kishimoto said that he most identifies with Naruto out of all of theNarutocharacters (in an interview with the U.S.Shōnen Jump, Kishimoto stated that his childhood was like that of Naruto's years while he was enrolled in the Academy). Naruto's appearances throughout the series. In the Japanese versions ofNaruto, Naruto often ends his sentences with the addendum ""-ttebayo"" (which gives a similar effect to ending a sentence with ""you know?""). Kishimoto wanted to give Naruto a childlike catchphrase, and ""dattebayo"" came to mind. It complemented Naruto's character, and served as a verbal tic that showed him to be something of a brat. Throughout the beginning of the Englishanime, the dub replaced ""dattebayo"" and ""-ttebayo"" with the phrase ""believe it!"" to mirror the effect, as well as to match the character's lip movements. See also:Dattebayo and Believe It","Growing up as an orphan who suffered years of hatred and social isolation has influenced Naruto's character in a number of ways: he is heedless to formality and social standings, addressingcertainpeoplewith nicknames instead ofhonourifics, although by the time of his adulthood, Naruto has slightly outgrown this trait.[30][31]He has picky eating habits of ramen, his favourite food; he has a perverted side that manifests as attempts to peep into women's baths, although these moments are rare.[32]Despite his quirks and the criticism they earn him to the point of being labelled theultimate problem child, Naruto is said to have a personality that draws people to him,[33]inspiring friendship and loyalty through acts of genuine kindness that could change a person's world view and thus builtmeaningful relationshipsthat he lacked in early life; theSage of Six Pathsbelieves Naruto's kindness is a special gift that allows him to saveKuramafrom its hatred.[34]Naruto deeply cherishes these bonds and will go to great lengths to protect them, best seen with Sasuke after his defection from Konoha. Another of Naruto's prominent traits is his desire for acknowledgement; his pranks around the village were for people to notice him, even if it meant by scolding him. Therefore, he dreamed of one day becoming Konoha's Hokage, the epitome of acknowledgement and respect from everyone in the village.[35]Knowing his dream is a long, arduous and seemingly impossible path, Naruto developed his ownnindōof never going back on his word. This life-long philosophy serves as the cornerstone of Naruto's great self-confidence; he believes he can accomplish any goal with enough hard work and perseverance, no matter what. This trait guides him in many aspects of life, such as his promise to bring Sasuke back to Konoha. Over time, his goal to be Hokage grew from a desire for the acknowledgement of others to a desire to help and protect the people close to him, whichTobiattributed to theWill of Fire.[36]His nindō has since been reinforced by his understanding that shinobi were meant to endure through hardships.[37]His belief in hard work and perseverance made him detest shortcuts to achieving, as he disqualified his son from theChūnin Examsfor using the bannedKote, and expressed disgust atMomoshikiandKinshiki Ōtsutsukifor their reliance on harvesting fromChakra Fruitsto lazily gain power.[38] After the death of his masterJiraiya, talking to his fatherMinatoand listening toNagato's tragic story, Naruto grew to understand the destructive cycle of hatred and he vowed to break it in order to bring true peace to the world.[39]To that end, his participation in theFourth Shinobi World Waris not only to protect his friends but also to bear and erase the world's hatred all by himself. After encountering areincarnatedItachi Uchiha, however, Naruto realises that he cannot handle everything alone and that he must allow his friends to support and fight alongside him. As he does so in war's climax, his fighting spirit inspires theAllied Shinobi Forcesto join him and keep fighting to end the war as well, ultimately becoming an example for many people to admire, follow, and believe in.[40][41] Naruto becomes shy around Hinata. Naruto first metHinata Hyūgawhen they were children, where his open kindness and courageous spirit earned him her admiration, which grew into love. On his part, Naruto remained mostly oblivious to Hinata's feelings for him and even considered her ""weird"" because of her shyness around him and his socially ostracised childhood. However, that change during the Chūnin Exams in Part I when they began to interact more and support each other, causing Naruto to like her as a friend.[42]In Part II, as Hinata becomes willing to risk her life to protect Naruto, he, in turn, sees her as an actively strong person despite his speechlessness at her love confession. Naruto grew to love Hinata subconsciously. Still, he was unaware of it because he kept ""fighting"" for Sakura, which was just another way for him to compete with Sasuke. DuringThe Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto finally recognises the love that Hinata has always had for him, causing him to become more bashful and protective of her, just as she was for him. Realising that she alone has ever had faith in him and that she has always been there for him, he reciprocates her feelings and desires to be with her for the rest of his life. This new-found desire made him willing to make healthier lifestyle choices such as eating vegetables and reeling in his impulsiveness, something others have had little success with doing. As an adult, Naruto becomes wiser and more mature, though he retains some of his negligence for honourifics.[43]Although he finally achieves his dream of becoming Hokage, its many tasks would often overwhelm Naruto to the point of him being unable to spend time with his family. He admits that part of this stems was from not having grown up with a father himself, making him unsure of how to interact appropriately with his children.[44]Naruto also tends to be more responsible in his duties as Hokage than as a father. Nevertheless, Naruto profoundly loves his family, as he creates shadow clones to tend to them while he's busy, protects them in times of danger, spends time with them when he can, and expresses pride in his children's successes.[38]He adopts Hiruzen's philosophy that everyone in the village is his family, believing that genuine relationships are made up of love rather than blood relations.[45]His refusal to give his son any special treatment due to their blood-relationships, along with the insistence that the boy professionally addresses him as ""Seventh"" or ""Hokage"" while in the office, is a testament of Naruto's lack of bias and prejudice.[38]Likewise, even in the face of people close to him committing horrible deeds, Naruto remains loyal to them, pushing aside his grief enough to see the nature of what they did.[46]However, after facingMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiand realising how his overly-committed nature serving the entire village was significantly affecting his own family's happiness, Naruto came to accept that he needed to give them more attention. As such, by allowing more help from others, Naruto was able to enjoy more time with his family, restoring the same healthy relationship he had with them before he became Hokage. ""Dark Naruto"" reveals himself in the waterfall. Although he struggled to overcome the hatred of people and the shinobi world, seeking to achieve the peace that his master Jiraiya dreamed of so much, Naruto was also not free from his own hatred. When Naruto understands that it is necessary to definitively master the power of the Nine-Tails, he goes to theIsland Turtleand discovers theFalls of Truthas part of the process. There, Naruto encounters his darker half:Dark Naruto(闇ナルト,Yami Naruto).[47]This was the personification of all of Naruto's negative feelings, such as the grudge he secretly still held against the villagers of Konoha who had always rejected him since childhood. Dark Naruto was the Nine-Tails' favourite aspect of Naruto, claiming him to be the ""real"" Naruto. No matter how much he resisted, the Nine-Tails would tap into the hatred that existed hidden in the depths of his heart.[48]Naruto's conclusion to dealing with his inner hatred was not to ignore him, but rather accept his existence, understanding that this same grudge was what made him get to where he was and value his entire journey up until that moment.[49]This whole process served as basis for Naruto to shape who he truly wanted to be from then on. According toJiraiya, Naruto strongly resembles his father:[50]he has yellow-blond, spiky hair and blue eyes, while inheriting the shape of his mother's eyes and face.[51]His trademark characteristics are the three whisker markings on his cheeks. During theFourth Shinobi World War,Dan Katōinitially mistook Naruto forNawakidue to their stark resemblance.[52]Naruto was rather short for his age during Part I,[53]though he grew to be taller thanSakurain Part II.[54]Naruto originally wore green goggles on his forehead, though he discards them upon becoming a genin. In Part I, Naruto wore an orange and blue jacket with a white collar, a white swirl with a tassel on the left side, and a red Uzumaki crest on the back. He also wore orange pants with a shuriken holster on his right knee, blue sandals, and a blueforehead protector, given to him by Iruka after graduating from the Academy. In Part II, Naruto wears a more form fitting outfit after wearing out his original one while training with Jiraiya,[55]with a T-shirt or mesh armour underneath. While retaining the swirls and orange pants, the blue pieces of his outfit changes to black: his forehead protector (which is now longer), sandals, and orange jacket, the black colour showing more prominence than the blue did originally. During his battle with Pain, Naruto briefly wore a short-sleeved red coat with a black flame pattern around the hem and carried a large scroll on his back. Naruto lost his right arm after theFourth Shinobi World War, though it is later replaced by a fully manoeuvrable prosthetic arm made ofHashirama Senju's cells, wrapped completely in bandages. InThe Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto grew again to be one of the tallest of his graduating class, cut his hair short, and wore a black elastic forehead protector. Over his pants and sandals, he wears a black uniform jacket with an orange zipper and buttons on the waist and sleeves, which can be folded up at times. He has a red armband with an Uzumaki crest on his left arm. After becoming Hokage, Naruto dons a garment similar to his father's: a white cape that has a red flame pattern around the hem, is held together by a red rope, and has the kanji for ""Seventh Hokage"" (七代目火影,Nanadaime Hokage) written vertically down the back. Underneath this, he wears an orange sweatshirt with black stripes (reverse in the manga version ofBoruto: Naruto Next Generations), black pants and sandals. He occasionally wears the traditionalHokageheadpiece, but has stopped wearing a forehead protector. Naruto's combined senjutsu and tailed beast influence over his trademark techniques. Originally, Naruto was a rather inept ninja, failing to graduate from theAcademythree times. Through sheer determination and training however, his skills rapidly improved to defeat stronggeninlikeNeji Hyūga,Gaara, andKabuto Yakushi, earning acknowledgement from all theSanninfor his potential.[56]Under various tutelage, Naruto was able todefeatvarious membersofAkatsuki, ultimately earning praise from Konohagakure as a Hokage-material hero.[57]Naruto's personally defeated various reincarnatedKage[58]andjinchūrikiduring the Fourth Shinobi World War,[59]with many believing he was the central key to winning the battle.[60][61][62]By adulthood, his prowess made him the Seventh Hokage, regarded as the strongest shinobi in history[63]and having command of overwhelmingjutsu.[64]With the combined might ofSasuke Uchiha, noted as his only rival in power,[38]they are said to be able to destroy the world.[65]Together, they overpoweredMomoshiki ŌtsutsukiwhoabsorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki, and pushedJigen's body to its limit. Overall, he could compete against if not defeat world-threatening opponents, such asObito Uchiha,Madara Uchiha,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, andToneri Ōtsutsuki, as well as fighting at hisabsolute peakmanaged to overwhelmIsshiki Ōtsutsuki. Naruto sharing Kurama's chakra through physical contact. As anUzumakiand areincarnationofAsura Ōtsutsuki,[66]Naruto has massive reserves of strongchakra. Even as a child, he had at least four times the amount of a seasonedJōninlikeKakashi Hatake,[67]and described byKarinas ""bright and warm"".[68]Additionally, whenMinatosealedKuramawithin Naruto as an infant, he constructedthesealin a way that allowed a portion of the fox's immense chakra to naturally mix with Naruto's chakra over time.[69][70]His initial poor control of it was offset by his sheer reserves,[71]which were large enough to endure three and a half days of constant battle against several powerful opponents. Only by the end of his battle against Sasuke did he show exhaustion, and even then could still fight to a standstill and eventual victory.[72]Naruto's control improved greatly over time; able totransfer his chakrato others,[73]and perform one-handed hand seals.[74]Being an Uzumaki, Naruto's powerful life-force grants him an extreme longevity, healing power, stamina, and vitality;[75]this allowed him to survive the extraction of a tailed beast, though he required aid fromSakura Harunoto stay alive.[76]Naruto also learned how to countergenjutsufromJiraiya, but his ability to do so is limited.[77]In adulthood, Naruto's chakra is powerful enough to intimidate Kawaki into submission[78]and destroy high-level barriers simply by releasing a burst of it.[79]He could repelShikamaru Nara'sShadow Imitation Technique, a feat that no one else could do.[65]His chakra, when he combined it with hisson'sVanishing Rasengan, turned it into a giganticUltra-Big Ball Rasenganable to kill theempoweredMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiwho tried to use acopyof the technique to defeat his.[80]His chakra reserves were also so vast that he was able to overloadDelta'sAbsorbing Eyewith acontinuousRasengan-assault and still primed to defeat her.[81] Naruto attacking Gaara with his Naruto Uzumaki Two Thousand Combo. While naturally a short-range fighter, Naruto originally was inept attaijutsu, requiring unpredictable attacks to surprise combat experts likeKiba Inuzukaand Neji Hyūga.[82][83]He often utilised shadow clones in large if not massive numbers to simply overwhelm his foes.[84]Although these tactics resumed later, Naruto becomes much more adept at taijutsu due to Jiraiya's training.[85]AfterFukasaku's tutelage, he could fend off a pair of expert kenjutsu users.[86][87][88]Two years after the war, Naruto's taijutsu prowess could best dozens of opponents without shadow clones or enhancements.[21]As Hokage, his taijutsu could pressure Momoshiki after he had absorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki.[80]Naruto could even hold off Delta despite herextreme body modifications, ultimately controlling the pace of the battle to tire her out and gradually overwhelm her[89]to win despite being in the defensive.[81]His speed had also increased to the point where he could effortlessly catch up withKawakiafter he tried to escape from Naruto.[78]Likewise, in the anime, he is proven very resilient, able to take a point-blank blast from Kawaki's modifications unfazed.[90] Naruto's prototype Absorbing Hand. After losing his right arm during his final battle with Sasuke,Tsunadecultured an artificial prosthesis for him using the cells ofHashirama Senju. As his body and the prosthesis arms are only connected through his chakra itself he can easily remove and replace them.[91]After Momoshiki's defeat, Naruto took inspiration from hischakra absorption techniqueand hadKatasuke Tōnoand theScientific Ninja Weapons Teammodifiy the arm further with mechanical features. With it, Naruto is able toneutralise and even absorbenemy techniques, though they have yet to replicate Momoshiki's ability to discharge them as a counterattack.[91] Main articles:Jinchūriki Forms,Nine-Tails Chakra ModeandBaryon Mode Naruto's Version 1 form. Originally as thejinchūrikiofKurama's Yang half, Naruto had access to massive reserves of exceptionally powerful chakra, which was at least a hundredfold greater than Kakashi's.[67]These chakra levels were increased even further when the Yin half of Kurama was reunited with the Yang half inside of Naruto. Due to his inheriting hismother's unique chakra capacities and being Kurama's jinchūriki for essentially his entire life, Naruto's chakra had become naturally compatible with the fox's,[92]allowing him to perform several chakra-taxing techniques unhindered. Originally, he could only access Kurama's chakra in times of great anger. It enhanced Naruto's abilities, but the fox's negative influence made Naruto more aggressive. While essentially remaining himself when accessing aVersion 1state, manifesting four tails would triggerVersion 2state, which made him lose control and would gradually turn into even moreferalforms, requiring outside assistance to suppress Kurama's power and regain control, prompting him to avoid relying on the fox's power whenever possible. By the end of the Fourth Great Shinobi War, he could access his Version 1 form without any loss in his mentality.[93] Naruto transforming from his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode into his Kurama Mode. Realising he could not avoid using Kurama's power, Naruto sought to control it with help fromKiller B, a jinchūriki who had fully mastered the power ofGyūki. Upon succeeding and taking most of Kurama's chakra, Naruto attained theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, which greatly increased his physical parameters. Naruto can also detectnegative emotionsin this mode, and useTailed Beast Chakra Armsfrom any part of his body as he pleases, as well as formTailed Beast Ballsfrom them. As he didn't have Kurama's cooperation, Naruto needed to exercise extreme caution while using the form, as the chakra exchange could cost him his life. Eventually, when Kurama acknowledged Naruto's life-long strength of character and Naruto learned the fox's true name, their new-found friendship granted Naruto access to itsfull power, which further increased his physical parameters and with no drawbacks. This also increased his resilience to such degrees to the point where he could survive theTen-Tails'Tenpenchiiand endure Toneri'sGolden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion— which was able to cut theMoonin half — with no visible signs of damage. This cooperation of Kurama also provides Naruto with an immediate resistance fromgenjutsu. Two years later, he couldstoreKurama's chakra within his arm to deliver powerful punches capable of creating massive craters on the Moon and depower Toneri from hisTenseigan Chakra Modeto his normal state, as well as block the latter's Golden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion. Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode. Failing to transform into a replica of Kurama at first, Naruto instead achieved aTailed Beast Modein the unique form of a life-sized transparent avatar of chakra. In it, he could createTailed Beast Ballsand revitalise the life-forces of any he touches physically or with the avatar,[94][95]heal nearly any wounds,[38]or grant them temporarily chakra-cloaks.[96]After he became the jinchūriki of Kurama's complete self, Naruto is able to manifest the demon fox outside himself for a period akin to summoning, allowing both to fight as separate entities. During the endgame of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Naruto received chakra from the other tailed beasts,[97]which greatly increased his chakra reserves even further and allowed him to access their unique abilities himself, such asShukaku'ssandmanipulation,Saiken'ssoap bubble ninjutsuand ability to emitcorrosive liquids,Chōmei'sscale powder, orGyūki'sink creation, and infuse them into his owntechniques. With the infusion of all nine of the tailed beasts' respective chakra inside of him, Naruto has become a medium to connect all the tailed beasts to communicate with each other[98]and made him a human pillar for thepower of the Ten-Tails.[99] Naruto's Baryon Mode. In the most dire of situations, Naruto is able to access a deep level of Kurama's power,Baryon Mode. In this state, his facial features become even more akin to Kurama with nine blazing chakra tails which he can use in a similar manner to Tailed Beast Chakra Arms to catch and bind opponents or objects anddeflect attacks. He also displayed the ability to use these chakra tails to form a protective shield around something or someone.[100]In a process similar tonuclear fusion, Naruto's andKurama's chakra are consumed as raw materials to produce a new type of energy. When in use, it dramatically boosts Naruto's reflexes, raw might, and chakra to such extreme levels, able to surpass Isshiki's capabilities. Because all chakra is connected, the same power that is produced from bits of their lives also work to reduce the lifespan of opponents on contact. Due to its extreme energy consumption, Naruto must remain focused and not waste energy on extraneous thoughts and actions, to maximise the amount of time he can maintain Baryon Mode.[101]The drawback of this form is the high chance of death for Kurama from the extreme strain of this form. Upon Kurama's death from this form, while Naruto was spared the same fate, he lost access to all of Kurama's chakra and abilities.[102] Naruto using the Summoning Technique. In the Academy, theSexy Techniquewas the only technique that Naruto could perform successfully, which had no practical use other than to shock people. Later, he learned more advanced and useful ninjutsu fromJiraiya. This includedsummoningtoadsfrom Mount Myōboku to assist him, and use them tocrushenemies from above. He became skilled inshurikenjutsu, able to throw weapons quickly and with precision.[103]Naruto's repertoire expanded tofūinjutsu, where he couldstorehis weapons within scrolls. His fūinjutsu was further increased upon receivingGerotoranear the start of the Fourth Shinobi World War.[104]In the anime, Jiraiya taught Narutocooperation ninjutsu, combining his techniques with others to create an even more powerful one.[105]The collaboration techniques he performed with other individuals typically utilised his own elemental affinity, such as theTyphoon Water Vortex TechniquewithYamato, theWind Release: Toad GunwithGamatatsu, and theScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zerowith Sasuke. He also learned fromAsuma Sarutobitoflowchakra into his weapons to increase their offensive might.[106]In the anime, by adulthood, Naruto became able to use theShuriken Shadow Clone Technique,[107]and also showed some proficiency with bōjutsu.[108] Naruto using the Multiple Shadow Clone Technique. See also:Images of Naruto using Shadow Clone TechniqueNaruto's first trademark technique was theShadow Clone Technique. While originally failing constantly with a basic illusionary clone, after briefly studying theScroll of Seals, he learned to create shadow clones on amass scale. From then on, Naruto's skill with shadow clones blossomed to great heights. Having unusually high chakra reserves, Naruto could use this technique to create hundreds of shadow clones and retain large amounts of chakra in each one with relative ease.[109]He could use them to outnumber or deceive his enemies, manoeuvre himself in mid-air, transform into weapons, scout areas, or test an opponent's abilities.[110]During his elemental-affinity training, learning that the original will gain all the knowledge and conditioning of a shadow clone right after it dispersed. From this, Naruto can use his mass scale of clones to drastically speed up his training to gain years worth of experience in just days. By the time he became Hokage, Naruto's usage of this technique on mass-scale and prolonged-periods allowed him to constantly perform multiple simultaneous tasks throughout the village daily, although he does have a tendency to overexert himself, leaving him exhausted afterwards. Naruto using the Rasengan. Naruto's second trademark technique is theRasengan. Originally, due to his poor chakra control, Naruto had to use a shadow clone to form the spherical shape while he provided the chakra. Over time, Naruto developedlargerversionsof the Rasengan and learned how to perform it faster.[111]During the Fourth Shinobi World War, he learned to use the Rasengan and its variants unaided with a single hand, or even form one in both hands simultaneously.[112]He also increased the size of his standard Rasengan.[113]Naruto had also shown the ability to release the Rasengan as an energy wave,[21]or as a projectile in the anime.[114]Using senjutsu or Kurama's chakra, Naruto can createmorepowerfulandelaboratevariationsof the Rasengan; using the latter, he even developed theSuper Mini-Tailed Beast Ball, performing it in a similar manner to the Rasengan. In the anime, usage of his tailed beast chakra also allows him to instantly perform massive Rasengan without the aid of his hands and launch in quick successions, similar to aTailed Beast Ball.[115] Naruto simultaneously using Wind and Lava Release. Naruto's natural affinity isWind Release. Using shadow clones, one to form the Rasengan while another infuses the Wind chakra, Naruto could complete difficult task of producing a Rasengan that is the pinnacle of shape and nature transformation, something no one before him could accomplish, including Kakashi and his father. Once adjusting to using theWind Release: Rasenganhe could expand upon it to produce theWind Release: Rasenshuriken. He also createddifferent-sizedvariations, and could even usetwo Rasenshurikensimultaneously. Two years after its creation, he became skilled enough to form a Rasenshuriken without any shadow clones and throw it in his base form,[21]a feat which he previously could only do while using his enhanced modes. After acquiringSix Pathsabilities,[116]Naruto gains access to all five basicnature transformations, as well asYang Release.[117]He could also utilizeYin–Yang Release, making perfect use of it to revitalize life-forces, heal whomever he touches, and restore missing organs.[118]After gaining chakra from the respective tailed beasts, Naruto can also useShukaku'sMagnet Release,Son Gokū'sLava Release, andKokuō'sBoil Release, able to infuse any of the other elements into is normal techniques as seamlessly as with Wind chakra. Having an arm made from Hashirama's cells, Naruto has a possibility to useWood Release.[119] Naruto's Sage Mode. Naruto later trained insenjutsuat Mount Myōboku, which was only possible due to his high chakra reserves. UnlikeJiraiya, he was able to perfectly balancenatural energywith his chakra, and enter a completeSage Mode, symbolised by the orange pigmentation around his yellow eyes, his toad-like pupils, and no other alterations to his appearance. Using Sage Mode made Naruto's techniques stronger, enhanced his physical parameters,[120][121][122]utilise theFrog Katataijutsu style,[123]andsensechakra through advanced enough to identify different signatures from vast distances.[124]SinceFukasakuwas unable tofusewith Naruto and gather natural energy for him due to Kurama's interference, Naruto had to employ shadow clones instead to maintain the technique, taking advantage of the clones' own buildup of natural energy being transferred to the original and let him useSage Modea number of times. However, creating more than five shadow clones overall would disrupt the focus of the clones gathering natural energy. The need for this method diminishes over time as Naruto became capable of entering Sage Mode much faster.[125]However, after finding unity withKurama, Naruto overcame this problem and learned to combine Sage Mode with Kurama's chakra to further enhance his abilities, such that he could resistNagato's control and shatterTruth-Seeking Balls. In later years, having drawn experience from his various events, Naruto became able to maintain Sage Mode for much longer durations unaided.[126] Main article:Six Paths SenjutsuNaruto also gained access to theSix Paths Senjutsu(六道仙術,Rikudō Senjutsu), which allows him to fly and also manifest up to nineTruth-Seeking Balls, composed of all five basicnatures, use Yin–Yang Release, and imbue them with theSix Paths Chakra. He can mould the balls into a myriad of shapes, fire them as projectiles and still control them from distance, or convert them into Tailed Beast Balls and use them to createTailed Beast Ball Rasenshurikenscapable of destroying the planetoids generated fromChibaku Tensei. While his shadow clones are unable to produce Truth-Seeking Balls of their own, Naruto is able to transfer control of his own to any of his shadow clones. Main article:Six Paths Sage Mode Naruto's Six Paths Sage Mode. With the power given to him byHagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained access to theSix Paths Sage Mode(六道仙人モード,Rikudō Sennin Mōdo).[5]In this mode, his pupils take on a cross-like shape — without manifesting the orange pigmentation around his eyes present in Sage Mode. Going further, Naruto donned a new Nine-Tails Chakra Mode cloak, which he could access instantly and maintain much longer than his standard Sage Mode.[127]Naruto's physical attributes and techniques are further augmented,[128]to the point where he could dodgeattacksthat moved at the speed of light and deflect Truth-Seeking Balls. It also empowers his sensory abilities to the highest possible level,[129]which allowed him to sense theinvisible shadowsof Limbo. Naruto's Asura Kurama Mode. Naruto also retained use of his Tailed Beast Mode avatar of Kurama, which rivalled Sasuke's Rinnegan-empoweredComplete Body — Susanooin size and power.[130]Using two shadow clones, he could create and combine three Kurama avatars into a single construct with three faces and six arms, which is largely reminiscent of Asura'sSix Paths: Kunitsukami.[131]This state allowed Naruto to infusetwo massive Rasenshurikenwith natural energy whose destructive capabilities rivalled that of Sasuke's most powerful jutsu,Indra's Arrow;[132]theresulting explosionfrom the two techniques colliding created an enormous cyclone that was visible from outer space.[133] Naruto reveals himself after disguising as a Wind Release: Rasenshuriken. While headstrong and often acting without thinking, Naruto's years as a prankster had given him a cunning imagination that was useful in split-second decision making, which has repeatedly proved invaluable in battle. He is a remarkabletactile learner, able to learn better through executing a task rather than understanding the theory of it.[134][25]Jiraiya also considered him to have a good gambling instinct.[135]Once seen in action, even the likes of the Second Hokage revise their thoughts about Naruto's intellect and instinct in battle.[136]After meeting Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained the innate ability to grasp the nature of chakra and comprehend all universal things,[137]allowing him to quickly master the new powers he received. By adulthood he had become a capable teacher, instructing students at Konoha'sNinja Academy.[138][139]During his fight withDelta, Naruto showed his ability to think ahead by hiding his power and faking defeat in order to make Delta drop her guard and reveal her plans, although Delta was perceptive enough to see through his attempts. Naruto ultimately was able to find out the weakness of Delta'sShinobi-Wareabsorbing eye and overtax it after seeing it in action repeatedly.[81] Naruto's most famous mental skill is to deceive his opponents, as he made effective use of even the mostsimple techniquesto trick thedeadliest of opponents.[140]He could formulate multi-step plans or backup plans in the thick of battle,[141]and act quickly even when given new information.[142]He can also seemingly make himself predictable by creating a pattern, only to throw off his opponent by breaking it. He has even thrown in what others would callcompletely useless techniquesatpowerful opponentsto create an opening for a counterattack.[143]Naruto is rather observant, able to notice details others may overlook and subsequently take advantage of them to overcome his opponents.[144]As an adult, Naruto proved to be a capable teacher in ninjutsu, quickly teaching the basics toKawaki. See also:Plot of Naruto Main article:Prologue — Land of Waves Naruto is protected by Iruka. Failing once again to graduate from theAcademy, a disappointed Naruto is advised by one of his instructors,Mizuki, to steal theScroll of Sealsand learn a technique from it in order to graduate. As Naruto struggled to learn theShadow Clone Technique,Iruka Uminotracked him down and realised that Naruto was tricked by Mizuki into stealing the scroll. Mizuki attacked them and told Naruto about the Nine-Tails sealed within him, claiming that Iruka hated him because of it. When Iruka risked his life to protect Naruto, however, he saw through Mizuki's lies and used theMultiple Shadow Clone Techniqueto defeat him, prompting Iruka to happily grant Naruto his graduation from the Academy. Naruto would later befriendKonohamaru Sarutobi, grandson of theThird Hokage, and teach him several perverted or useful techniques. Team 7's group photo. Naruto was eventually assigned toTeam 7, partnered withSasuke UchihaandSakura Harunounder the leadership ofKakashi Hatake. During their first meeting, Naruto shared his love of ramen, his hobbies, and his dream to become Hokage. To test their qualifications, Kakashi gave the team abell test, stating that whichever of the three takes one of the two bells on his person will officially becomegenin. Instead of hiding like Sakura and Sasuke, Naruto tried to take the bells from Kakashi by force, only to be easily defeated, hung upside-down from a tree and tied to a wooden post in an attempt to steal lunch. After Sakura and Sasuke fail as well, Kakashi explains that the goal of the test was to use teamwork, to do together what none of them could do by themselves. He is persuaded to allow them to try again after lunch, but instructs Sasuke and Sakura not to feed Naruto. They feed him anyway, needing him in top-form if they're to work together. Kakashi sees this and, because they care more about the team than listening to his instructions, allows them all to pass. Naruto and Sasuke team up against Zabuza. After a series of uneventfulD-rankmissions, Naruto is able to secure aC-rankmission for Team 7: escortingTazunato theLand of Waves. Soon after leaving Konoha, they are attacked by theDemon Brothers. Naruto is paralysed with fear, forcing Sasuke to step in to disarm them and protect Tazuna until Kakashi can capture them. Tazuna confesses that assassins have been hired to kill him but that he couldn't afford the bodyguard detail he needs. Although the mission is nowA-rankin nature - far beyond the skill of genin - Team 7 decides to continue with it. Angered by Sasuke's taunting of him, Naruto cuts his hand to bleed out the poison he received earlier, vowing to never waver again. When they arrive in theLand of Wavesand are confronted byZabuza Momochi, Naruto is overwhelmed by the battle between Kakashi and Zabuza before he is knocked aside by Zabuza'swater clone. Remembering his vow, Naruto regained his confidence and teamed up with Sasuke to free Kakashi from Zabuza'sWater Prison. In the end, Zabuza is seemingly killed byHaku, allowing Team 7 to escort Tazuna back to his house. Kakashi finds Zabuza's death suspicious and decides to train the team in case he returns. He has them perform theTree Climbing Practiceto improve their chakra control, which will help them against Zabuza. Naruto becomes frustrated after several failures and asks for advice from Sakura, who herself mastered it from the start. Now rapidly improving, Naruto competes with Sasuke to finish the training, each determined to outdo the other. One day, Naruto encounters Haku (albeit unaware of his true identity) and they each discussed their dreams and desire to protect those precious to them. After Haku leaves, Naruto finishes the training with Sasuke but is left exhausted, so Team 7 leaves him behind the next morning as they resume their escort duties. Naruto awakens and arrives to assist Team 7 in fighting Zabuza and Haku, but, unaware of how Haku'sDemonic Mirroring Ice Crystalswork, he joins Sasuke within the prison. Naruto's first use of the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto cannot break free with his shadow clones and Sasuke cannot melt the ice with his fire. As Haku moves in to kill Naruto, Sasuke uses his body as a shield to protect Naruto and seemingly dies. Enraged by Sasuke's apparent death, Naruto unwittingly accesses theNine-Tails' chakrafor the first time, allowing him to destroy the ice mirrors and defeat Haku, breaking his mask. Realising his opponent was the boy he met before, Naruto calms himself. He is asked by Haku to kill him, since he feels of no further use to Zabuza. Before Naruto can do so, Haku immediately stops him and goes off to save Zabuza from being killed by Kakashi, sacrificing his own life. When Zabuza refuses to appreciate this, Naruto angrily scolds him, stating that Haku gave up his life to save someone precious to him. Touched by his words, Zabuza, using Naruto's kunai, killed Gatō and many of his henchmen before he himself dies. Sasuke soon awakens, and when their injuries heal, Team 7 leaves for home via Tazuna's newly-constructedGreat Naruto Bridge. Main article:Chūnin Exams Naruto refuses to give up from the Chūnin Exams. Team 7 resumes its series of unremarkable missions. For their performance in the Land of Waves, however, Kakashi decides to enter them in theChūnin Examstaking place in Konoha, which greatly excites Naruto. Because they've only recently graduated from the Academy, the three feel they must give strong showings to prove themselves. When they enter the exam hall, the team is met byRock Lee, who challenges Sasuke to a fight; Naruto tries to attack Lee in jealousy, but is easily swept aside. The fight is interrupted byMight Guy, after which Naruto notes that the bandages around Lee's arms signify his arduous taijutsu training while also mocking Sasuke for his unability to best Lee. During the exam's first stage, the participating genin are given a written test, the goal of which is to cheat without getting caught. Unaware of this, Naruto struggles to answer the questions, soHinata Hyūga, who is seated next to him, offers to let him copy off her paper. Despite the temptation, Naruto declined Hinata's offer, claiming that he isn't the type to cheat and that they might be disqualified if they are caught. Before the tenth question can be given, the genin are presented with the opportunity to forfeit; Naruto refuses to do so, declaring his refusal to give up and his goal to still become Hokage. His determination to face the tenth question despite the potential consequences inspires the rest of the genin to do the same, and so they pass the first stage. It is later noted that he was the only one to hand in a blank sheet, though this did not prevent him from passing. Naruto saves Sasuke from Orochimaru's snake. For the second phase, teams enter theForest of Deathwith the objective of obtaining a set of two scrolls, one of which they are given at the start. Naruto becomes separated from his team and is attacked and swallowed by a giant snake. He manages to kill it and regroups with his frightened teammates againstOrochimaru. Angered by Sasuke's sudden cowardice and resignation, Naruto engages Orochimaru using the Nine-Tails' chakra, defeats his giant snake, and taunts Sasuke before Orochimarusuppressesthe Nine-Tails' chakra, rendering Naruto unconscious. After he awakens, Team 7 continues its search for the second scroll, which they eventually gain by defeatingTeam Oboro, allowing them to pass the second stage. Naruto defeats Kiba. In the preliminary matches of the exam, Naruto was pitted againstKiba Inuzukaand his dog,Akamaru. Believing the match to be an easy victory, Kiba and Akamaru overwhelmed Naruto with many high-speed attacks, so Naruto tricks Kiba into knocking Akamaru out of the fight by using theTransformation Technique, shocking all spectators. Naruto then disorients Kiba by farting in his face and defeats him with theNaruto Uzumaki Combo(which he invented from watching Sasuke'sLion Combo). When Neji and Hinata's match begins, Naruto is enraged by Neji's ruthless tirade against Hinata and cheers Hinata on to defeat Neji. Although Hinata is defeated, Naruto wipes up her blood and vows to defeat Neji in the finals. Naruto meets the Nine-Tails. During the month of training, Naruto first meetsJiraiya(who knocked outEbisu, Naruto's original teacher) and trains under theSanninto improve his chakra control. Recognising Naruto as the Nine-Tails' jinchūriki, Jiraiyaremovesthe seal Orochimaru had placed on Naruto to ease his control and begins teaching him how to use the Nine-Tails' power bysummoningtoads. To accelerate Naruto's slow progress, Jiraiya pushes him over a cliff, causing Naruto to enter his subconscious and meet the Nine-Tails. Working past his fear, he bravely demands chakra from it as ""rent"" for living in his body. The Nine-Tails complies and Naruto summonsGamabunta, though he exhausts himself and ends up in thehospital, where he is visited byShikamaru Nara. After talking, he and Naruto stopGaarafrom killingRock Leein the next room and listen to Gaara's story of his childhood, which Naruto finds very similar to his own. Gaara prepares to kill them, butMight Guyintervenes and forces Gaara to retreat. On the day of the finals, Naruto meets Hinata at theThird Training Groundand expresses his doubts about his upcoming match with Neji. Hinata reassures Naruto that he never gave up because he always had the strength to overcome his own failures, admiring him for it. Reinvigorated, Naruto thanks Hinata and tells her even though he first thought she was weird, he now likes her. Naruto vs. Neji. Facing Neji in the first match of the finals, Naruto began by creating shadow clones to overwhelm Neji's with sheer numbers. Deeming Naruto a failure who could never defeat a genius like himself, Neji easily defeats Naruto's clones and seals his chakra withEight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms. Determined to prove Neji's ideals about fate wrong, Naruto tapped into the Nine-Tails' chakra and, revitalised, clashed with Neji. When the smoke cleared, Neji emerges and Naruto lies defeated. This, however, was only a shadow clone, and the real Naruto burst from the ground beneath Neji, defeating him with an uppercut. Before he is declared the winner, Naruto tells Neji that creating clones was once his shortcoming and that Neji needs to stop believing in inescapable fate. When Sasuke finally arrives for his match with Gaara, Naruto is envious of Sasuke's improvements, but is laterput to sleepalong with most of the audience, commencing theKonoha Crush. Main article:Konoha Crush Naruto saves Sasuke from Gaara. Sakura wakes up Naruto so they can pursue Sasuke, who was pursuing Gaara himself. They arrive in time for Naruto to kick Gaara away before he can kill Sasuke. Partially transformed intoShukaku, Gaara knocks Sakura unconscious and binds her to a tree, forcing Naruto to battle him, with little success. Naruto relates to Gaara's painful life as a jinchūriki, but he is not willing to let anything to happen to Sakura and Sasuke. Determined to protect his friends, Naruto creates an army of shadow clones torelentlessly batterGaara, forcing him tofully transforminto Shukaku, to which Naruto responds by summoning Gamabunta. Naruto defeats Gaara. Gaaraputs himself to sleepto give control of his body to Shukaku, forcing Naruto and Gamabunta to figure out a way to end the jutsu. They do so bytransforminginto a giant fox (the Nine-Tails in the anime) to restrain Shukaku, allowing Naruto to awaken Gaara with a solid punch to the face. Shukaku's influence disappears, but Gaara regains control and traps Naruto with his sand. Naruto escapes by tapping into the Nine-Tails' chakra, and headbutts Gaara when he is close enough, destroying Shukaku's form. Exhausted from the fight, the two leap at each other for one final exchange, and Naruto punches Gaara, claiming victory. Naruto and Gaara fell to the ground, unable to move. Slowly crawling towards Gaara, Naruto explained that he also suffered a painful and lonely life, but was later saved by having friends. To that end, he will do anything to protect them, even if it means killing Gaara. Understanding Naruto's true strength, Gaara retreated withKankurōandTemariwith a new outlook on life, while Naruto passes out from exhaustion and is returned to Konoha with Sasuke and a rescued Sakura. A few days later, Team 7 attended theThird Hokage's funeral. Main article:Search for TsunadeJiraiya is tasked with findingTsunade, a candidate for Fifth Hokage, and convinces Naruto to accompany him by promising to teach him a technique stronger than Sasuke'sChidori. Stopping at an inn inShukuba Town, Naruto was approached byKisame HoshigakiandItachi UchihaofAkatsuki, who intend to capture the Nine-Tails. When Sasuke shows up and furiously attacks Itachi, Naruto gathers the Nine-Tails' chakra to help Sasuke, but it is absorbed by Kisame'sSamehada. Jiraiya soon arrives and drives off Itachi and Kisame, but Sasuke is left mentally and physically damaged by Itachi.Might Guyappears and takes Sasuke back to Konoha, but not before giving Naruto a spare green jumpsuit. Naruto and Tsunade face-off. To prepare for the next encounter with Akatsuki, Naruto begins learning theRasengan, completing two of its three learning steps. Taking a break from training, Naruto and Jiraiya eventually found Tsunade and her assistantShizuneat a restaurant. When Tsunade refuses the offer to become Hokage and insults all who held the title, an angry Naruto challenged her to a fight and attacked her with an incomplete Rasengan, only to be easily defeated. Impressed by his progress, however, Tsunade makes a bet with Naruto: if he can master the Rasengan in a week, he gets theFirst Hokage's Necklace; if not, she gets hiswallet. Naruto agreed and spent the week trying to perfect the Rasengan, but has no success and collapses from exhaustion. Once he recovers, Naruto heads out with Jiraiya and Shizune to stop Tsunade from meeting with Orochimaru. Naruto defeats Kabuto. They arrive to see Tsunade, who never intended to aid Orochimaru, in the midst of battle withKabuto Yakushi. When Tsunade is incapacitated, Naruto fights Kabuto in her place and eventually defeats him with a perfected Rasengan, which he formed by using a shadow clone. Naruto collapses almost immediately afterwards, his heart muscles torn by Kabuto, but Tsunade successfully manages to heal him, gives him the necklace he wins, and accepts the position of Hokage. After Orochimaru and Kabuto are defeated, Naruto and the others return to Konoha, Tsunade confidently believing Naruto would someday become a great Hokage. Main article:Land of Tea Escort Mission Main article:Sasuke Recovery Mission Naruto promises Sakura to return Sasuke to Konoha. Naruto visits a recovering Sasuke at the hospital, but is immediately challenged to a fight, to which Naruto eventually agrees. The fight escalates quickly, culminating with Naruto using Rasengan and Sasuke using Chidori. Kakashi arrives and deflects their attacks into opposing water towers before they can clash, Naruto unknowingly doing more damage than Sasuke. Distressed by Sasuke's behaviour, Sakura informs Naruto of the cursed seal Sasuke received from Orochimaru, though Naruto assures Sakura that Sasuke would never abandon Konoha for power. Unfortunately, Sasuke does just that and Naruto joins theSasuke Recovery Teamin order to bring him back; he promises a tearful Sakura to do so before he leaves. En route to Sasuke, the team encounters members of theSound Four, each of which battles a member of the recovery team, while Naruto engagesKimimaro. Overwhelmed by Kimimaro's taijutsu skills, Naruto is saved at the last minute by Rock Lee, who volunteers to fight Kimimaro while Naruto heads after Sasuke. Naruto fights Sasuke. Naruto finally meets Sasuke at theValley of the End. His pleas for Sasuke to come back to Konoha and warns him that Orochimaru willtake his body, but his pleadings fall on deaf ears. Naruto starts attacking him, ready to take him back to Konoha by force if necessary. Undeterred, Sasuke responds by tapping into his cursed seal and landing a series of heavy blows on Naruto. It becomes painfully clear to Naruto that Sasuke is fighting with an intent to kill, so Naruto utilises the Nine-Tails' chakra to overpower Sasuke. Naruto says that Sasuke is like a brother to him and that he will do anything to protect that bond. Sasuke vows to sever that bond, but acknowledges Naruto as an equal by putting on his forehead protector. They continue trading blows, with Naruto eventually manifesting afox-shaped cloakand Sasuke entering hiscursed seal's second level. Naruto clashes his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, and within the dome of resulting energy they trade final blows: Sasuke punches Naruto and Naruto scratches Sasuke's forehead protector. Naruto defeated by Sasuke. When the energy dissipates, Naruto lies defeated, but Sasuke spares him and continues his way to Orochimaru, leaving his scratched forehead protector behind. Kakashi andPakkunarrive late and failing to retrieve Sasuke, leave with Naruto. In the hospital, Naruto once again promises Sakura to bring Sasuke back one day. Soon after, Jiraiya arrived with an offer to train Naruto for preparation against Orochimaru and Akatsuki in three years and to give up on Sasuke, as he is no different from Orochimaru. Naruto accepts Jiraiya's training, but refuses to give up on Sasuke, satisfying Jiraiya. See also:Plot of Naruto Naruto leaving Konoha. As in the manga, Naruto later departs with Jiraiya to begin his two and a half years of training, after making a determined gesture at the Fourth Hokage's statue. In the anime, this does not happen until about 3 months later as Jiraiya was occupied with important intel gathering about Akatsuki for Konohagakure. During the waiting period, Tsunade gives Naruto several missions with members of theKonoha 11to keep him busy. Naruto training with the Big Ball Rasengan. In the anime, shortly after leaving Konoha, Jiraiya and Naruto discuss the fact that Naruto will need to learn how to counter genjutsu if he hopes to be a match against Sasuke the next time they meet. Naruto practises withGamarikito dispel genjutsu, but he struggles with it and his chakra keeps hitting Gamariki, who doesn't appreciate it. Naruto follows Jiraiya to theGenjutsu Tree Villageto try a different approach, but they discover the village has been taken over byKandachi.[145]They free the villagers and then attack Kandachi, who Naruto eventually defeats with his newly-createdBig Ball Rasengan. As they leave afterwards, Jiraiya is pleased by how similar Naruto is toMinato Namikazeand hugs him, which Naruto is bothered by.[146] Main article:In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' PathsTwo years into their training, Naruto's control of the Nine-Tails' chakra has improved significantly. Jiraiya tries to give him more access to the Nine-Tails' power and usesGerotorato weaken Naruto'sEight Trigrams Sealing Style. Seizing the opportunity, the Nine-Tails mocked Naruto for his inability to save Sasuke, using Naruto's negative emotions to force him to enter aversion 2form with four tails. Not in control of his body, Naruto attacks Jiraiya and nearly kills him before he manages to suppress the Nine-Tails. Naruto has no memory of what happened and Jiraiya doesn't tell him, instead, shifting Naruto's training to other pursuits, including keeping his anger in check so that the Nine-Tails won't flare up again.[147] See also:Plot of Naruto: Shippūden Main article:Kazekage Rescue Mission Naruto returns to Konohagakure. Naruto and Jiraiya return to Konoha after two-and-a-half years of training, where Naruto becomes surprised by Tsunade's newly-formed statue onHokage Rock. He greets his old friends afterwards: he gives Kakashi a copy ofIcha Icha Tacticsas a gift; he catches up with Sakura, whom he has become taller than; he gets back into a competition ofSexy TechniqueswithKonohamaru Sarutobi, only to be violently reprimanded by Sakura. Kakashi reforms Team 7 with them and gives them anotherbell test, but unlike last time, taking the bells from him is the real objective. As with last time, Naruto launches a first attack before the test officially begins, but this time it nearly succeeds. Despite their improved abilities, Naruto and Sakura were still unable to get a bell through conventional means, and it was only by Naruto's threat to spoil the latestIcha Ichanovel that they distracted Kakashi long enough to take the bells. While Team 7 tries without success to find a mission to go on that Naruto won't complain about, word reaches Konoha thatAkatsukihas kidnappedGaara, theKazekage. Team 7 is sent to Sunagakure to assist in rescuing Gaara. On their way to Suna, Naruto explains that Gaara was kidnapped because he is thejinchūrikiof theOne-Tail, just as Naruto is the jinchūriki of theNine-Tails. Upon arrival in Suna, Naruto defends Kakashi fromChiyo's assault when she mistakes him for his father. Team 7 gathers what intel they can on Gaara's kidnappers and leave to go after them; Chiyo volunteers to escort them since they aren't familiar with the country around Suna. Naruto promises a recoveringKankurōto rescue Gaara before they leave. Naruto pummels Deidara. While en route to an Akatsuki lair, they are confronted byItachi Uchiha, who traps Naruto in a genjutsu. Sakura and Chiyo release him, allowing Naruto to team up with Kakashi and defeat Itachi with aBig Ball Rasengan. The Itachi is discovered to be animpostor, so they continue to the Akatsuki lair, meeting up withTeam Guy, who takes down the barrier over the entrance so that Team 7 can get in. They find Gaara's body finds with his kidnappers,DeidaraandSasori. Deidara flies off with Gaara's body with Naruto and Kakashi in pursuit, leaving Sasori to Chiyo and Sakura. Naruto, enraged, makes repeated failed attempts to rescue Gaara before he is calmed by Kakashi, who uses his newMangekyō Sharinganto distract Deidara withKamui. Naruto retrieves Gaara's body, but seeing it drives him over the edge: he furiously attacks Deidara and beats him mercilessly into the ground. Discovering that it was aClay Clone, Naruto slips into histwo-tailedform in rage, but is restored to normal by Kakashi via theChakra-Suppressing Seal. Gaara awakens, with Naruto by his side. Deidara escapes, while Naruto and Kakashi regroup with Sakura, Chiyo, and Team Guy. Sakura attempts to revive Gaara, but theremovalof Shukaku has caused him to die. Naruto breaks down in tears and angrily lashes out at Chiyo, saying she had no right to make Gaara not only a jinchūriki, but also lose his life because of it. As atonement and with Naruto's aid, Chiyo sacrifices her life to revive Gaara; as the jutsu nears completion, Chiyo voices her faith in Naruto's ability to save Gaara and to become Hokage. Naruto greets Gaara when he awakens, and a few days later, Teams 7 and Guy attend Chiyo's funeral in Suna. Before returning home, Naruto and Gaara shake hands (Gaara using his sand) as a sign of their close relationship. Main article:Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission Naruto and Sai's first encounter. During her fight with Sasori, Sakura learned of an opportunity to meet with a spy in Orochimaru's ranks in a few days' time, hoping it will lead them to Sasuke. Kakashi is left bedridden from his fight with Deidara, soYamatoleads Team 7 as his replacement. Replacing Sasuke on the team isSai, whom Naruto actually encounters earlier and dislikes, declaring him an inferior version of Sasuke. Sai is happy for this distinction and proceeds to degrade Sasuke for defecting from Konoha, forcing Yamato to use hisWood Releaseto break up their fight. Naruto is constantly exasperated by Sai's lack of empathy and his ridicule of Sasuke, but resolves to work with Sai if it means saving Sasuke. Team 7 confronts Orochimaru and Kabuto. Yamato disguises himself as Sasori and goes to theTenchi Bridgeto meet the spy while Naruto, Sakura, and Sai hide nearby. The spy,Kabuto Yakushi, begins telling Yamato about Orochimaru's organisation, but they are interrupted by the arrival of Orochimaru, who teams up with Kabuto to fight Yamato, having intended to kill Sasori. Team 7 comes to his aid and Orochimaru, recognising them, taunts Naruto about Sasuke. Naruto is enraged and strikes him, using hisversion 1form to make his attacks more devastating. Naruto's rage intensifies as he submits to the Nine-Tails' influence: he destroys the Tenchi Bridge and eventually advances to hisversion 2form while fighting Orochimaru. Naruto is soon forced back to the destroyed bridge, where, unable to tell friend from foe, he unknowingly attacks Sakura when she approaches him. A four-tailed Naruto attacks Orochimaru with Tailed Beast Ball. Yamato restrains Naruto with his Wood Release and suppresses the Nine-Tails' influence, but its chakra leaves Naruto's body badly damaged. After Sakura heals him, Naruto wakes up unable to remember what happened, but is surprised by the devastated landscape. When they realise that Sai is missing, Yamato reports that he has joined with Orochimaru and Kabuto. On the way, Yamato secretly takes Naruto aside and tells him that he is the one who attacked Sakura. He encourages Naruto to use his own strength instead of the Nine-Tails in order to protect his loved ones. The team locates Sai, whom Yamato has placed atraceon, at Orochimaru's lair and capture him. Restrained, Sai asks why Naruto is determined to save him; Naruto replies that his bond with Sasuke is too precious to be broken and that he will do anything to protect it. Intrigued, Sai switches sides, helping them capture Kabuto and then searching the base for Sasuke on Naruto's behalf. While he's gone, Yamato goes through his belongings and finds evidence that Sai has been assigned to assassinate Sasuke. Naruto encounters Sasuke. When they find Sai, he explains that he truly does want to help retrieve Sasuke, and in fact has already found him: Naruto and Sakura are speechless to see Sasuke again. Sasuke reacts with indifference to them, but Naruto remarks he can't become Hokage without saving his friend. To demonstrate that they mean nothing to him, Sasuke quickly neutralises them all. As Naruto struggles to avoid the temptation of using the Nine-Tails, Sasuke suddenly appears in Naruto's subconscious using his Sharingan and suppresses the Nine-Tails. He then prepares to kill them, but is persuaded not to by Orochimaru and leaves without further comment. Naruto is upset at having failed once more to bring Sasuke home, but is reminded by Sakura that they need to become stronger and Team 7 returns to Konoha. Main article:Twelve Guardian Ninja (Arc) Main article:Akatsuki Suppression Mission Naruto training with his clones. Once Kakashi is done recuperating in the hospital, he assembles Naruto, Sakura, and Sai to discuss their failed mission to retrieve Sasuke. Kakashi believes the best way to match Sasuke is for Naruto to create a newjutsu. As the training began, Naruto discovers that hisnatureiswindand learns to use the wind nature. Ordinarily, such training would take months or years, but Kakashi advises that Naruto, by training alongside hundreds ofshadow clonescan do the same training in a mere fraction of the time. With Kakashi's instructions and the training grounds created by Yamato, Naruto quickly masters how to use the wind nature. The next step is more difficult for him: combining that nature with theRasengan. Naruto defeats Kakuzu. Like Kakashi andMinato Namikazebefore him, Naruto fails several times in trying to combine his nature with the Rasengan; his frustration evokes the Nine-Tails' chakra at times, which Yamato suppresses. With further advice from Kakashi, Naruto finds his solution using two shadow clones: one helps him form the Rasengan and the other adds his wind nature. When they receive news that Asuma died in battle with members ofAkatsuki, they take a break to attend Asuma's funeral. Kakashi leaves Yamato in charge of overseeing Naruto's training so he could helpTeam 10avenge Asuma. Having finished his jutsu, Naruto and Team Yamato went to provide assistance, arriving in time to save Kakashi and Team 10 fromKakuzu. Naruto engages Kakuzu alone with his newly-createdWind Release: Rasenshuriken, though it dissipates on its first use and Naruto is rescued by Kakashi and Yamato. The technique succeeds the second time, destroying two of Kakuzu's hearts and putting the last one on the brink of failure. Kakashi finishes off Kakuzu and they return to Konoha. The Rasenshuriken injures Naruto's arm after use and he is forbidden to use the technique ever again. When they visit Ichiraku Ramen, Naruto has a hard time eating while his arm mends, so Sakura opts to help, before the responsibility falls to Sai, then to Kakashi. As they leave afterwards, they are met by Konohamaru, who demonstrates hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique; Naruto approves but Sakura is disgusted and violently reprimands him. In the manga, Konohamaru responds withSexy: Boy on Boy Technique; Sakura approves but Naruto is disgusted and violently reprimands him. Main article:Three-Tails' Appearance Main article:Itachi Pursuit Mission The Eight Man Squad formed to pursue Itachi and Sasuke. News reaches Konoha that Sasuke has killed Orochimaru. Realising that this is a good opportunity to try once again to reunite with Sasuke, Kakashi combines Teams 7 and 8 into anEight Man Squadwith the mission to find either Sasuke or his assumed target, Itachi. When they split up to search, Naruto, because he's a target of Akatsuki, is given a protective escort in the form of Hinata, Yamato, andBull. Their group encounters Kabuto, who offers them intel on Akatsuki and its members, his thanks to Naruto ""inspiring"" him to overcome Orochimaru after absorbing his remains. Kabuto then escapes. Main article:Tale of Jiraiya the Gallant Naruto and Itachi converse. After regrouping andKiba Inuzukadetects Sasuke's trail, Naruto creates shadow clones to search the area faster, one of which encounters Itachi. Itachi repels Naruto's attacks and insists he only wants to talk. He asks Naruto what Sasuke means to him and what he will do if Sasuke ever moves against Konoha. Naruto replies that he is Sasuke's brother – a better brother than Itachi is – and that if Sasuke ever attacks the village he will defend it without killing Sasuke. Itachi is happy with this answer and gives Naruto some assistance for this purpose: aspecial crowthat he stores within Naruto's body. Itachi left, and Naruto continued his search, eventually finding Sasuke.[148] As they near Sasuke's location they are intercepted byTobiof Akatsuki, who prevents them from progressing and who is invulnerable to their attacks. Main article:Fated Battle Between BrothersAs the group continually tries to attack Tobi, he dodges the attacks with ease. Naruto tries several times to attack him with his Rasengan, but without success. Tobi attempts to use a hidden jutsu to attack the teams, but fails at it. Eventually, Zetsu comes to tell him about Sasuke and Itachi's fight. Tobi leaves when he receives news that Sasuke has killed Itachi, and Teams 7 and 8 try to reach Sasuke before he does. Unable to find where Tobi has taken Sasuke, they are forced to return to Konoha. Main article:Six-Tails Unleashed Main article:Pain's Assault Naruto mourns Jiraiya's death. As Naruto contemplated his meeting with Itachi, he was called to theHokage Residenceto hear sombre news: his master Jiraiya was killed byPain, the leader of Akatsuki. Grief-stricken, Naruto blamed Tsunade and spent the day mourning his teacher's death, depressed that Jiraiya cannot see him become Hokage. After being comforted byIrukaandShikamaru, Naruto helped to decipher Jiraiya's dying message and eventually they succeed. Understanding that Jiraiya had bought him time for his own fight with Pain, Naruto went to train with the toads ofMount Myōbokuto learnsenjutsu. Naruto trained to harmonise with nature, a process he sped up by using a limited number of shadow clones. He rapidly progressed through the training stages and attained a perfectSage Mode, which Jiraiya was unable to do. News ofPain's Assaulton Konoha reached them, they began to mobilise for battle. Naruto arrives to fight Pain. As Naruto,Fukasaku,Gamaken,Gamahiro,Gamabunta, andGamakichiwere summoned to the centre of Konoha, the group was confronted by theSix Paths of Pain, who had just destroyed the village. After destroying theAsura Pathbefore it could attack Tsunade, Naruto told her to make sure everyone left the battle to him. After a brief skirmish withAnimal Path, Naruto and the toads defeated the Animal,Preta, andHuman Pathsbefore running out of senjutsu chakra. Naruto revealed that he had two shadow clones waiting back atMount Myōbokuto revitalise him with natural energy. Naruto went back on the offensive, dispatching the healed Preta and Naraka Path before the Deva Path regained its full power. Pain killed Fukasaku and used the opportunity to capture Naruto, pinning him down to the ground. Naruto succumbs completely to the Nine-Tails' influence. With Naruto restrained, Pain opened up his reasons for Akatsuki, their plan for the tailed beasts, and the peaceful world he wanted to create. Though Naruto rejected his notion that using a weapon to force peace, he could offer no alternative. Before Pain could depart with Naruto, he was attacked byHinata Hyūga. Declaring her love for Naruto and vowing to protect him, she continued to fight against Pain before she was subdued and critically wounded. Believing Hinata to had been killed, an enraged Naruto erupted into hissix-tailed form. Resisting theFirst Hokage's Necklace's attempted to quell the transformation and destroying it, the Nine-Tails attacked Pain, forcing him out of the village to get close enough to his actual body to use theChibaku Tensei, trapping Naruto within the small satellite. The technique was not enough to stop the Nine-Tails, however, as it simply progressed toeight-tailed formto force its way out of the satellite. Meanwhile within his subconscious, Naruto was tempted by the Nine-Tails to open its seal to save him from the pain of not having Pain's answer for peace. However, before Naruto could,Minatoappeared, having left some of his chakra within the seal in case of an emergency to protect his son. Overjoyed at meeting his father, but angered that he would condemn him to life as a jinchūriki, Naruto listened to his father encouraging him, confident that he would find a way to break the cycle of hatred. After repairing the seal, Minato disappeared and the newly-inspired Naruto prepared to resume his battle with Pain. Naruto defeats Pain. Confidence restored, Naruto was greatly relieved to learn that not only had Hinata survived, but nobody was injured during his rampage. After clever use of shadow clones, Naruto destroyed the Deva Path with a Rasengan, defeating the last of Pain's Six Paths. Using one of Pain'sBlack Receivers, Naruto followed the chakra signal toNagatoandKonan's position. Confronting Nagato, Naruto listened to Nagato's story that turned him into Pain and came to understand why he made the actions he did. Despite not forgiving him, he told Nagato he would not kill him and would instead try to create the better world that their teacher wished for. Moved by Naruto's determination to create a better world, Nagato decided to put his trust in Naruto and sacrificed his own life toreviveall the people he had killed in Konoha. Naruto helped Konan retrieve Nagato andYahiko's bodies for burial inAmegakure, and Konan left Naruto a bouquet of paper flowers for him, symbolising their new alliance. The village greets Naruto upon his return. Naruto then created amemorialforJiraiyaand left the flowers and a copy ofThe Tale of the Utterly Gutsy Shinobiby a rock with the kanji forteacher(師,shi). While the exhausted Naruto walked back to the village, he was found by Kakashi who carried him the rest of the way. Upon arrival, Naruto was greeted as a hero by the villagers, his dream of acknowledgement being realised at last. Main article:Past Arc: The Locus of Konoha Main article:Five Kage Summit Naruto willingly gets beaten by Karui. Sakura informs Naruto that Tsunade fell into a coma and that there's nothing that can be done to bring her out of it. While they talk, they are approached byTazunaandInari, who have come to help rebuild Konoha. They ask about Sasuke, which Naruto avoids going into detail about so as to spare them and Sakura a discussion about Sasuke's defection. After Tazuna and Inari leave, they receive news thatDanzō Shimurahas become the nextHokageand that he has ordered Sasuke be killed as a traitor. Naruto and Sakura approach Sai to ask him how they can convince Danzō to change his mind, but Sai is unable to help.OmoiandKaruiofKumogakureoverhear them talking about Sasuke and they ask for information about Sasuke, wishing to kill him for his role in Akatsuki's capture ofKiller B. Naruto leads Omoi and Karui away to spare Sakura pain, but refuses to reveal anything about Sasuke. Instead, Naruto allows the Kumo-nin vent their anger by beating him, to whichKaruiobliges until Sai stops her and the Kumo-nin retreat. Naruto unsuccessfully pleas the Raikage to forgive Sasuke. Recovering later, Naruto asked Yamato and Kakashi to take him to theLand of Iron, so that he could askFourth Raikageto pardon Sasuke. Upon arrival, the Raikage rejected Naruto's request even with Kakashi and Yamato's assistance and berated him for defending a criminal. Naruto went to a local inn to ponder his next course of action, but was soon confronted byTobi, who wanted to understand Nagato's change of heart. Naruto ignored the question and demanded to know about his plans with Sasuke. Tobi told him about theSage of the Six Paths, the Uchiha clan, and the truth about theUchiha Clan Downfall, all of which now drove Sasuke alonga path of vengeanceagainst Konoha and anyone else who would dare cross his path. Naruto insisted that he could still get through to Sasuke, but Tobi laughed and left, saying that Naruto and Sasuke were fated to fight again. Naruto talks with Gaara about Sasuke. While Naruto was practising his Sage Mode's sensory abilities to locate Sasuke, he was interrupted by the arrival of Sakura,Rock Lee, Kiba and Sai. Sakura attempted to dissuade Naruto in his attempts to bring Sasuke back to Konoha by falsely telling him that she loved him. However, Naruto knew she was lying and he rejected her confession and her proposal to abandon Sasuke, stating it had nothing to do with his promise to her. After Sakura's party left, Sai'sink clonerevealed that the rest of theKonoha 11had decided to kill Sasuke themselves to prevent another war, while Sakura planned to kill Sasuke herself, at Sai's unintended insistence.Gaara, who attended theFive Kage Summitthat Sasuke attacked, arrived and revealed Tobi's declaration of theFourth Shinobi World War, telling Naruto how they would be fighting Sasuke to protect Naruto, but he did advise Naruto to consider for himself what was the right thing to do. After hearing that most of his friends have turned against Sasuke, who now wanted to unleash his vengeance on just about everyone, Naruto hyperventilated and passed out. When he awoke, he was told by Yamato that Kakashi went to stop Sakura from dealing with Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke clash. Using a shadow clone as a decoy, Naruto escaped from the inn and followed Kakashi, arriving just in time to save Sakura from being killed by Sasuke. He tried once more to reason with Sasuke, sympathising with his pain and acknowledging Itachi's sacrifice. However, Sasuke was unmoved and declared his resolve to destroy Konoha and sever the Uchiha's connection to the shinobi world. Naruto then clashed his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, realising that everything in his life he could have easily gone down the same path of Sasuke. Despite his jealousy of him, he had come to like Sasuke and was glad to have met him. Undeterred, Sasuke gave Naruto two options: kill or be killed; Naruto chose neither. Tobi andZetsuarrived and prepared to depart with Sasuke. Naruto resolved that if he and Sasuke were to battle again, they would kill each other, but he was willing to accept it as he would shoulder Sasuke's hatred alone. Sasuke vowed to kill Naruto first and left with Tobi and Zetsu, while Naruto and his teammates returned to Konoha, with the captiveKarin. Naruto explained the situation to his friends and asked to fight Sasuke alone, determined to get stronger for their upcoming battle. Main article:Power (Arc) Main article:Paradise Life on a Boat Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Countdown Naruto meets with the Great Toad Sage. As Naruto was about to eat at Ichiraku, he was suddenly summoned back to Mount Myōboku byFukasaku. He learns from theGreat Toad Sage's fortune that he would meet an ""octopus"" and would battle a ""young man with powerful eyes."" WhenGerotorawas summoned to give Naruto the ""key"" to theEight Trigrams Seal, Naruto knew he would need the Nine-Tails' power for the battles to come and accepted the key. Naruto was sent back to Ichiraku, where some of the villagers asked for his autograph. Naruto was unaware that the five Kage were planning to keep him from participating in the upcomingFourth Shinobi World War. For his safety, Tsunade gave Naruto an ""S-rank mission"" on aremote islandin theLand of LightningwithYamato,Might Guy,Aoba Yamashiro, and other Konoha-nin as security. Once at the island, Naruto metKiller B, the jinchūriki ofEight-Tails, and requested to train under him after marvelling at B's mastery of his tailed beast. B refused as he was on vacation, despite Naruto's best efforts to impress him. However, whenMotoiheard Naruto bumped fists with B, he took Naruto was taken toFalls of Truth, where B trained to control the Eight-Tails. Following Motoi's instructions, Naruto sat on the platform in front of the waterfall and closed his eyes to see his true self: Dark Naruto, who berated Naruto on how quickly the Konoha villagers changed their opinions of him and exclaimed that the Nine-Tails liked him better. Inside his mind, Naruto fought his dark self, but found that they were evenly matched. Breaking out of meditation, Naruto questioned Motoi about B's history in order to learn how to conquer his inner darkness. Naruto fights the Nine-Tails. Naruto reminisced about how B and Gaara changed everyone's opinions about them and began to doubt if the Konoha villagers sincerely trusted him. After witnessing B save Motoi from agiant squidand resume their friendship, an inspired Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth and confronted Dark Naruto again. With Naruto now having faith in himself, Dark Naruto began to weaken as he asked what his reason for existing was. Naruto answered by hugging him, accepted Dark Naruto as a part of him while thanking him for pushing him to become a better person. Dark Naruto finally relented and faded. B led Naruto and Yamato to a special room in thesecret templebehind the waterfall, where Naruto was prepared to fight the Nine-Tails for its chakra. Within his subconscious, Naruto unlocked the seal and engaged the Nine-Tails in battle usingSage Mode. Though he appeared to have the upper hand and drain the Nine-Tails' chakra, the fox instantly planted its own hatred within its absorbed chakra, consuming Naruto. Naruto meets his mother. Just before Naruto was completely consumed, the spirit of his mother,Kushina Uzumaki, appeared. Naruto believed that Kushina was the Nine-Tails in disguise, earning a hit on the head and an immediate apology from her, who hoped that he did not inherit her short-temper. Realising Kushina was his mother, he tearfully hugged her and the love-filled reunion purged the Nine-Tails' hatred within its drained chakra. With renewed confidence from hearing the story of his parents, Naruto battled the Nine-Tails once more. With his mother's assistance, Naruto successfully weakens the fox long enough to separate it from its chakra. Attaining theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, Naruto imprisons the emaciated and infuriated Nine-Tails within anew, stronger seal, apologising to it as it faded into darkness. Afterwards, Naruto learned from Kushina about hisheritage, the truth behind theNine-Tails' attack on Konoha, and how his parents gave their lives to protect him. Naruto told his mother that he could finally understand what a parent's love felt like and that he didn't blame them for what happened, instead feeling glad to be their son. As she fades away, Kushina tearfully hugged Naruto, thanking him for letting her and Minato be his parents. Naruto attacks Kisame. In the real world, Naruto demonstrated his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode to B and Yamato before sensingKisame HoshigakiofAkatsukihidden inside hisSamehadaviahis negative emotions. When Kisame attempted to escape, Naruto used his blinding speed to quickly smash Kisame into the wall, though his foot gets stuck. Yamato helps Naruto out while B pursues Kisame and they regroup to see Kisame's defeat by Guy. Kisame is restrained for interrogation, though he breaks free of his confinements through sheer will and summons sharks inside awater prisonto eat him alive. Shocked by Kisame's suicide, Naruto observes that even those in Akatsuki fight for their comrades. They examine the intel that Kisame was trying to send, which turns out to be booby-trapped: they are each caught in a water prison and are trapped alongside a shark. Another shark, meanwhile, is able to escape with Kisame's intel. After they escape, Naruto is tasked with evacuating the giant animals into theIsland Turtle's shell and logging the island's ecology as part of his ""official""S-rankmission. He remains unaware that it is a ploy to keep him away from the war. Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Naruto senses the war with Sage Mode. Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth with B to start practising hisNine-Tails Chakra Mode, specifically learning how to useTailed Beast Balls. Since Tailed Beast Balls couldn't be made without the Nine-Tails' cooperation, Naruto tried to create theTailed Beast Rasenganas a workaround. While struggling to balance the jutsu's composition, he sensed adistant sourceof the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto left the Falls of Truth to investigate and was met by a contingent of Konoha-nin, amongst themIruka Umino. Iruka tried to convince him to go back to his training, but Naruto bypassed them and, from entering Sage Mode, sensed the ongoingFourth Shinobi World War. Naruto became angry that they would try to keep the war a secret from him and that they wouldn't let him help. Iruka apologised, yet still made an effort torestrainhim. Naruto escaped and found aSelf-Repairing Barrier, preventing him from leaving by himself. B, at Iruka's request, decided to join him, and together they broke through the barrier. Naruto states his resolve to the Nine-Tails. Shortly after, the Nine-Tails pulled Naruto into his subconscious, berating him for squandering its chakra and calling him naive for thinking he could stop the war by himself. When the Nine-Tails failed to once again tempt Naruto with power, the fox went off to claim that his attempt to put an end to hatred was futile, using his history with Sasuke as proof. Naruto responded bypinningthe fox down, refuting that it was the one who was being naive and confidently exclaiming he would find a way to deal with Sasuke and end the war. Before he leaves, Naruto also promises to resolve the Nine-Tails' own hatred someday, unnerving the fox. Naruto outpaces A. On their way to the battlefield, Naruto and B were met by theFourth RaikageandTsunade, both intent on stopping the jinchūriki. B tried to convince the Raikage to let them go, and when that failed, Naruto tried to get around them, but the Raikage'sLightning Release Chakra Modewas too fast for that. The Raikage became increasingly aggressive in his determination to stop Naruto and B from joining the war effort, going so far as to threaten to kill Naruto if it would keep Akatsuki from capturing the Nine-Tails. First B and then Tsunade joined Naruto in arguing to allow them to fight, which the Raikage relented to once Naruto dodges his maximum speed. On Tsunade's orders,Shikaku Naracontacted Naruto and informed him about Akatsuki'sWhite Zetsu Armyand the accompanyingImpure World Reincarnations. Naruto and B soon afterwards encountered a squad of seeming Allied forces, but with his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode'sability, it allowed him to detect them as disguised Zetsu. He quickly defeated them and sent shadow clones to various other battlefields to lend assistance. Naruto fights Nagato. Naruto and B soon ran into the reincarnatedItachi UchihaandNagato. They greeted Naruto and briefly caught up on what had happened since their deaths, but were quickly forced to attack by their summoner,Kabuto Yakushi. Nagato advised Naruto and B on how to counter his jutsu while Itachi, between his own attacks, recalled the crow he planted in Naruto during their last meeting. Itachi activated theKotoamatsukamiof the crow'sMangekyō Sharinganto release himself from Kabuto's influence. Itachi joined Naruto and B in fighting Nagato, first by neutralising theRinnegan Summoningand then saving them from being killed by Nagato. Nagato, his personality now suppressed, tried capturing them withChibaku Tensei, which the three combined efforts to destroy. While Nagato was distracted by their attack, Itachi sealed him withSusanoo. His personality restored, Nagato used his last moments to apologise and put his faith in Naruto. Afterwards, Itachi destroyed the crow, its Kotoamatsukami too valuable to let fall into the wrong hands. He left to find Kabuto so that he could end the Impure World Reincarnation, but not before telling Naruto to let his friends support him and leaving Sasuke's reform to him. Naruto defeats the Third Raikage. A shadow clone arrived at the site of theFourth Division's battle with various reincarnatedKage. Naruto was able to land a sneak attack onMū, allowing theThird Tsuchikageto seal him before he could say anything. The Tsuchikage went to helpGaarafight theSecond Mizukage, leaving Naruto to fight theThird Raikagealong with the other members of the Fourth Division. Like the Fourth Raikage, the Third was very fast, easily dodging most attacks. The few attacks that did land had almost no effect, his body's natural defence was too high, and the Raikage's offences allowed him to break through every attempt to contain him. When Naruto noticed that the Raikage had a scar from his fight with the Eight-Tails years earlier, he contacted it via B to ask how the Raikage received the scar. Upon hearing the Eight-Tails' answer, Naruto surmises the scar was self-inflicted, confirming it as he manipulates the Third into piercing his own body. The Third is sealed and Naruto regroups with the Tsuchikage and Gaara, who already defeated the Second Mizukage. As Naruto and B continued onwards, Naruto's shadow clones started arriving at various locations. In the anime, shadow clones were able to: save the members of theSasuke Recovery Teamfrom the reincarnatedSound Four'sSpace–Time Technique Formula: Underworld Turnover;[149]updateTatewakiabout the fates of the children he was responsible for during life, granting him peace and allowing him to return to the afterlife;[150]run in toYota, a childhood friend, and giving Yota a chance to play with him again before releasing himself from the Impure World Reincarnation;[151][152][153]assistOmoiin saving theThundercloud Unit.[154] Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: ClimaxShadow clones arrived at all the remaining battlefields, securing Impure World Reincarnations, weeding out the Zetsu that had infiltrated the Alliance's ranks, and defeating any other remaining Zetsu. Victory seemed near when theSensor Divisiondetected a new threat near the Fourth Division: Mu, whosplithimself before his sealing, and the reincarnatedMadara Uchiha. Shocked by this revelation, they all wondered who the masked man,Tobi, really was. Madara gave them little time to discuss it and attacked them immediately. He cut swaths through the Fourth Division's ranks and used his Rinnegan to avoid the clone's, the Tsuchikage's, and Gaara's counterattack. Wishing to eliminate them all at once, Madaradropped a meteoriteon them. Naruto receives help from the Nine-Tails. While the survivors regroup, Madara tried tosummonthe Nine-Tails. Although it failed, the fox sensed the attempt and offered somechakrato help fight Madara, preferring Naruto over the Uchiha. The shadow clone used the Nine-Tails' chakra to counter Madara'sNativity of a World of TreeswithBig Ball Spiralling Serial Zone Spheres, though the extended fighting left the clone exhausted afterwards. Madara moved in to capture it, but was parried by the arrival of Tsunade, the Fourth Raikage, and theFifth Mizukage. The Five Kage vowed to deal with Madara themselves and asked that Naruto should instead focus on defeating Tobi. The clone dispersed just as the real Naruto converged on Tobi. Naruto and B clashed with Tobi's reincarnatedjinchūriki, styled like aSix Paths of Pain. During the fighting, Naruto referenced another Madara and asked who Tobi really was. Realising his lie was exposed, Tobi refused to accept any particular identity, believing it to be irrelevant. Naruto was not satisfied with this answer and vowed to break Tobi's mask. Naruto and B clash with the reincarnated jinchūriki. B enteredTailed Beast Modeto clear the surrounding forest that was giving him and Naruto a disadvantage against the reincarnated jinchūriki. He then tried tosealthe jinchūriki, but Tobi had them enterVersion 2forms to escape at the last second. The increased strength of the jinchūriki caused difficulties for Naruto and B. Tobi, taking advantage of the situation, nearly captured Naruto, but was blocked by the arrival of Kakashi and Guy. Their arrival balanced out the two sides, so Tobi had theFour-Tailsand theSix-Tailsenter Tailed Beast Modes as well. The Four-Tails captured Naruto in its mouth, allowing it to communicate with him. The Four-Tails, introducing itself with the name Son Gokū, was angered to be controlled by Tobi, but it doubted Naruto would be any better since humans had always sought to control it and its fellow tailed beasts. Naruto insisted he was different and Son Gokū, touched by his desire to help it, told him how to release it from Tobi's control. Naruto managed to break out of its mouth, locate theblack receiver, and remove it. Naruto and Kurama unite. Son Gokū thanked Naruto for his help, but explained that it couldn't actually be saved, as it was still bound to theDemonic Statue of the Outer Path. Before it was pulled back into the Demonic Statue, Son Gokū gave some of its chakra to Naruto and wished him luck. Tobi, having lost the use of one tailed beast, forced the others to enter Tailed Beast Modes so that the battle could be brought to an end. The Nine-Tails remarked that Naruto couldn't possibly win without its help. Naruto stated that he was not up for taking its chakra by force at the moment and that he would figure something out. However, Naruto's earlier determination to help Son Gokū moved the Nine-Tails, reminding it of the many selfless things Naruto had done during his life and the perseverance he always displayed. The Nine-Tails no longer wanted to oppose Naruto and instead offered to join him as a partner, asking only that Naruto call it by name: Kurama. Naruto meets the tailed beasts. Naruto entered his own Tailed Beast Mode and went to save Kakashi and Guy, deflecting the other five beasts' Tailed Beast Balls. The Kurama avatar fought the beasts in close combat, forcing them to combine their Tailed Beast Balls into one against it. Kurama countered theirs with a single one of its own Tailed Beast Balls and Naruto then used the avatar's tails to grab and remove the beasts' black receivers. From the contact, Naruto was able to interface with the other beasts, who introduced themselves and, like Son Gokū, gave him portions of their chakra. Tobi recalled the beasts back into the Demonic Statue and, though irritated, remained confident in his eventual victory as he faced off with Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy. By the time night fell, however, Tobi was still unable to defeat them. A light eventually descended on the reincarnated jinchūriki that B had kept restrained, returning them to the afterlife and signalling that Itachi had finally defeated Kabuto. Naruto destroys Tobi's mask. With his options running out, Tobi deposited theBenihisagoand theKohaku no Jōhei(which containedportions of Kurama's chakra) into the Demonic Statue which, combined with a fragment of the Eight-Tails,Gyūki's, chakra he acquired previously, was enough to start the revival of theTen-Tails. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy started focusing on destroying it, but were constantly stopped by Tobi and his peculiar teleportation and intangibility abilities. From the fighting, however, Kakashi noticed that Tobi's abilities were seemingly linked to his ownKamui. To take advantage of this, Kakashi had one of Naruto's shadow clones attack Tobi and, just as the clone was about to be destroyed by one of Tobi's attacks, Kakashi used Kamui on it without Tobi noticing. Naruto then attacked with a Tailed Beast Ball, which Tobi escaped by retreating toKamui's dimension. He found the clone waiting for him there and it destroyed his mask with a Rasengan. When they saw his face, Guy and Kakashi recognised Tobi as their childhood friend,Obito Uchiha, whom they'd long thought dead. Obito declined to explain his actions to them and instead attacked, which attracted Madara, who escaped the release of the Impure World Reincarnation, to their location. Seeing Madara, Naruto asked what happened to the Kage, to which the elder Uchiha replied that they were in bad condition when he left them. From that and the conversation he overheard between Madara and Obito, particularly their manipulation of Nagato, Naruto attacked in a rage. Madara reflected him and then tried to capture him and B so that the Ten-Tails could be revived in its complete form. Naruto split his attention, he and B fighting Madara'swood dragonwith their Tailed Beast Modes and one of his shadow clones trying to help Kakashi get over the revelation that Obito was alive. Naruto with the Allied Shinobi Forces. Obito tried to convince Naruto of the futility of resistance. Naruto insisted that protecting his comrades was always worthwhile, no matter how hopeless things may seem. His words brought Kakashi out of his slump, enabling him to start fighting Obito on his own, and energised Guy, who created an opening for Naruto and B to attack the Demonic Statue with a combined Tailed Beast Ball. The attack came too late, however, and the Ten-Tails was revived. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy regrouped and coordinated an attack, but the Ten-Tails was too powerful and Madara and Obito, once they linked themselves to it, were able to deploy its powers effectively. Just before they could kill Naruto and the others, the combined remaining Allied Shinobi Forces arrived to help. Shikaku Nara, communicating to all of them from the Alliance's headquarters, staged an offensive to restrain the Ten-Tails. Although it failed, it was effective enough that Madara and Obito had the Ten-Tails destroy the distant headquarters, killing Shikaku and everyone else stationed there. The Allies made individual attacks against the Ten-Tails, but none had any effect. At the same time, the Ten-Tails started raining wooden skewers all over the battlefield, killing many. When one was about to hit Naruto,Hinatashielded him with her body andNejishielded her with his own. Dying, Neji collapsed on Naruto's shoulder, asking him to be more careful in the future since many lives, Hinata's particularly, now depend on his. With his last breath, he thanked Naruto for calling him a genius all those years ago. Naruto was deeply distraught by Neji's death, which Obito tried to use as an example of the needless death that resistance caused and that could be solved in the new world he wanted to create. Hinata brought Naruto back to his senses by reminding him of all the people who had given their lives to protect him and whose memories he would be insulting if he had given up now. As Naruto thanked her, he took her hand and coated her with some of Kurama's chakra. Naruto gives chakra to the Allied Shinobi Forces. Naruto shared Kurama's chakra throughout the Allied Forces, increasing their strength and protecting them from harm. They all manoeuvred into a formation that Shikaku was able to communicate to them before he died and, taking the form of a bird in memory of Neji, successfully removed the Ten-Tails from Obito and Madara's control. Forced to fend for themselves, Obito sought out Naruto, criticising him for wasting his energy protecting others. Naruto replied that protecting them actually gave him strength, motivating everyone within earshot. They then sensed the Ten-Tails was about to attack, which Kakashi tried to stop with Kamui. Obito intercepted him and they teleported away, leaving the others to endure the Ten-Tails'Tenpenchii. Kurama's chakra protected everyone, but it faded in the aftermath; Naruto was left quite beaten up, requiring Sakura to heal him. When the Ten-Tails attacked with another Tailed Beast Ball, the Allies mustered what little defence they could. Before it could reach them, however, the Tailed Beast Ball was suddenly teleported away and Naruto's reincarnated father,Minato Namikaze, appeared at Naruto's side. Team 7 reunites. TheFirst,Second, andThird Hokagearrived soon afterward and, along with Minato, erected a barrier around the Ten-Tails to confine it. Sasuke arrived shortly too, at whose request the previous Hokage were reincarnated byOrochimaruand who now opposed Obito and Madara. Their fellowRookie Ninehad set aside their differences with Sasuke for the time being and joined forces in launching an attack against the Ten-Tails'cruft. On Sai's advice, Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura all summoned their signature animals (Naruto calling onGamakichi) in order to focus directly on the Ten-Tails itself. Naruto and Sasuke successfully damaged the Ten-Tails' arm with a combinedScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zero, but it merely removed the arm to prevent the flames of Sasuke'sAmaterasufrom spreading. Before they could attack again, Obito returned, landing on top of the Ten-Tails head and seemingly about to use theSamsara of Heavenly Life Techniqueto restore Madara to life. While everyone focused on stopping Obito, Naruto couldn't help but notice that thehand sealshe was using were different from what Nagato used. Minato tried to cut Obito down, but discovered that it was too late as he sealed the Ten-Tails into his body, becoming its jinchūriki. Main article:Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. Obito used his new power to destroy the barrier, forcing the Hokage to put the energy they were using toward the barrier into the fight instead. Because they had immortal bodies, they launched the first attack so that the others could learn what they could about Obito's new abilities, but they were quickly defeated. Naruto and Sasuke engaged him as well, but were nearly killed, saved only by Naruto using hischakra armsto link to Minato so he could teleport them to safety. Just as before, Naruto and Sasuke combined their attacks, having Minato and the Second Hokage coordinate teleports so that the attack would connect. Obito'sTruth-Seeking Ballsdissipated much of the attack and the damage that he did incur was quickly regenerated. Naruto attacks Obito after discovering his weakness. From the development and some of the previous exchanges, Minato concluded that Obito was able to neutraliseninjutsu. Gamakichi, wanting to make some final contribution to the fight before he was forced to return toMount Myōboku, attacked with hisStarch Syrup Gun. Minato took this opportunity to try and reason with Obito, reminding him of his former dream to become Hokage. Obito berated the title and those who had held it, as he had surpassed them. Naruto was insulted not only because that was a slight against his father, but also because he hadn't abandoned his dream of being Hokage like Obito had. The Second Hokage teleported him to Obito and he attacked with a Rasengan, which successfully damaged Obito; Naruto noticed that Gamakichi's attack wasn't neutralised and realised Obito was vulnerable tosenjutsu. Kurama and its jinchūriki join forces. With a weakness discovered, Obito trapped the Alliance in abarrierand began charging multiple Tailed Beast Balls that he would use to wipe out everyone within its confines. Minato noted that he wouldn't be able to teleport them all away in time, so Naruto came up with a different approach: he linked his chakra with Minato and remotely restored the Alliance's chakra cloaks, networking everyone in with Minato'sFlying Thunder God Technique, allowing him to teleport everyone out of the barrier. Minato did so and was afterwards very proud of his son, saying he wished they had more time to talk. Naruto replied that it was not necessary since he already methis motherand that she explained everything. Naruto and Minato each entered Tailed Beast Modes, with Naruto merging his with Sage Mode in order to imbue their shared Rasengan with senjutsu. The Second teleported them to Obito and they attacked, but he blocked it with his Truth-Seeking Balls. A senjutsu-enhanced Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. To move ahead with his plans, Obito created a replica of theGod Tree, the first step in performing theInfinite Tsukuyomi. The tree started absorbing chakra from those nearby until they die, a fate that Naruto nearly succumbed to until he was saved by the Third Hokage. Obito pointed to the growing number of casualties as further evidence that Naruto should stop resisting, an argument that Naruto was increasingly having trouble ignoring. Sasuke, unmoved by Obito's words, used Susanoo to hack through the tree and then mocked Naruto for giving up. Naruto was reminded of his desire to not lose Sasuke or anyone else for that matter and, reinvigorated, joined Sasuke in the offensive. Although their senjutsu-enhanced Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo could compete with Obito, they were individually unable to defeat him. Obito continued trying to convince Naruto to stop, but he ignored him. Naruto and Sasuke slash through Obito. Sasuke then coated his Susanoo around Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode, granting the Kurama-avatar a sword and armour. Sensing that it was the final exchange, Obito created asword and shieldof his own out of Truth-Seeking Balls. Naruto created a Rasengan in each of the Kurama-avatar's tails, which his friends from Konoha guide in a coordinated assault to Obito's shield, destroying it. As soon as Naruto and Sasuke sliced through Obito with their sword, the tailed beasts then began to emerge from the Uchiha's body, giving Naruto and the combined Allied Shinobi Forces the opportunity to pull them out. The tug-of-war for the tailed beasts linked Naruto's consciousness with Obito's. Naruto reminded Obito of his earlier claim that he was nobody and set out to prove to him that he was Obito Uchiha, specifically the Obito Uchiha that Kakashi used to know. Naruto pointed out their similarities, how both were orphans and that, because of that, they wanted to be Hokage. Obito agreed that they were similar, but that was the reason why he has been trying so hard to convince Naruto that he was right, and insisted that the world he wanted to create was a better one because his vision of the future was clear, whereas the future of the current world was ambiguous. Naruto argued that was the point and that uncertainty, when faced with comrades, was worthwhile, and offered Obito his hand so that they might see what happened together. Kurama is extracted from Naruto by Madara. The Allies successfully removed the tailed beasts from Obito and he fell to the ground, defeated. Minato and Kakashi insisted that Obito be left to them while Naruto and the rest of the Alliance should focus on Madara. They did so, joining forces with the First Hokage against him, but right before he could seal him, Madara put one final fail-safe into effect: he hadBlack Zetsuforce Obito to revive him. Madara quickly neutralised the First, fended off Naruto, Sasuke, and Sai, and then went after the freed tailed beasts. Naruto entered Tailed Beast Mode and assisted them with fighting him off. They were initially successful, but when Madara reacquired one of hisRinnegan, he easily defeated them withLimbo: Border Jail, sealing them all back into the Demonic Statue, including B's Gyūki and Naruto's Kurama. Obito transfers his tailed beasts' chakra into Naruto. The removal of Kurama from his body caused Naruto to pass out and placed his life in immediate danger. HisUzumakiheritage prevented him from dying instantly, but he required constant medical attention from Sakura in order to keep him alive. On the advice of Kurama right before it was extracted, Gaara took Naruto to Minato so that Minato's portion of Kurama's chakra could be sealed into him, saving him. Kakashi sent Naruto and Sakura toKamui's dimensionso that she could continue performing life support without interruption. Obito soon arrived to help her, having overcome both Black Zetsu and Madara in order to acquire Minato's half of Kurama and give it to Naruto, as his form of penance. Naruto and Sasuke accept Hagoromo's power. While on the border of life and death, Naruto was met by the Sage of Six Paths,Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki. He explained his past conflicts with his mother,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, and the conflicts that emerged between his sons,AsuraandIndra. His sons' conflict had continued through the centuries, with their chakra reincarnated every generation in new individuals to fight anew; Naruto was the current reincarnation of Asura, while Sasuke was the reincarnation of Indra. Naruto was not greatly surprised, having sensed something like that when he met Sasuke during theFive Kage Summit. Because of Madara's aims for the world, Hagoromo asked that he and Sasuke join forces to stop him, a task he was only encouraged by from the tailed beasts' positive words concerning Naruto. He gave Naruto theSix Paths Yang Power,half his chakraandSix Paths Sage Modeto help him in this goal. Naruto and Sasuke strike Madara. When Naruto woke up, he had Obito send him back to the real world. There, he stopped Madara from killing Might Guy and used Hagoromo's power to stabilise Guy's life force from using theEight Gates Released Formation. Surprised by Naruto's sudden increase in power, Madara was hit by Naruto'sSage Art: Lava Release Rasenshuriken, which was fueled by Son Gokū's chakra and instantly cut down the giant tree Obito created earlier. When Sasuke arrived, Naruto enteredSix Paths Sage Modeand they started overwhelming Madara. Realising his window was closing, Madara went after Kakashi and took his Mangekyō Sharingan, using it to follow Obito. Sakura appeared shortly afterward, sent by Obito so Madara wouldn't kill her. She could do nothing about Kakashi's eye, so Naruto used Hagoromo's power to restore the one he lost years ago. Naruto's clones facing Madara's clones. Madara soon returned, now having both his Rinnegan and Black Zetsu in control of Obito's body. Naruto and Sasuke immediately resumed their attack, but Madara had an easier time with them. He rose into the sky, rainingChibaku Tenseion them to keep them busy while he projected theInfinite Tsukuyomion the world. While Naruto destroyed the remaining satellite-like constructs, Sasuke shielded him, Sakura, and Kakashi with Susanoo from the Infinite Tsukuyomi's gaze. He let them out once the illusion was finished casting and they emerged to find themselves alone, with the rest of the world being wrapped into Madara'sGod: Nativity of a World of Trees. As Madara confronted them and started explaining how he had saved the world, he was stabbed in the back by Black Zetsu. Black Zetsu then transferred to Madara's body from Obito's and forced him to absorb the world's chakra, converting him into a woman that Naruto and Sasuke recognised as Kaguya Ōtsutsuki. Main article:Kaguya Ōtsutsuki StrikesKaguya detected that Naruto and Sasuke as the reincarnations of Asura and Indra, and also that her son Hagoromo had given them the power to defeat her. Not wanting to further the damage the world that their fighting would cause, sheshiftedthem all to one ofher dimensions, placing them above a sea of lava. Sasuke summoned hishawkGarudato save himself and Naruto, but ignored Naruto's pleas to save Sakura, Kakashi, and Obito too since only he and Naruto were vital to the fight. Kakashi was able to briefly stop their fall, but the heat burned the scroll he used to save them and it was only Naruto's sudden discovery that he was able to levitate that saved them from the lava. He left a shadow clone to hold onto them and engaged Kaguya, creating an opening for Sasuke to attack. Kaguya thwarts Naruto and Sasuke's sealing attempt. Sasuke's attack failed and Naruto must save him from the lava. With their attacks ineffective and the environment such a hazard, Naruto and Sasuke discussed what to do. Kaguya appeared behind them and paralysed them, binding them with Black Zetsu while she started absorbing their chakra. Black Zetsu took the opportunity to expand on the history earlier given by Hagoromo, painting Kaguya as the victim of her sons, Hagoromo andHamura. Black Zetsu had for centuries been manipulating others toward the outcome of reviving her, and only then had it finally succeeded. It encouraged them to bask in the embrace of their oblivion, but Naruto refused, breaking himself and Sasuke free. Needing to take drastic action, Naruto used his ""ultimate"" jutsu:Sexy: Reverse Harem Technique. Kaguya was so distracted that she was nearly sealed, but she recomposed herself in time to shift dimensions again, freezing Naruto and Sasuke in place. Naruto overwhelms Kaguya with shadow clones. Because Naruto and Sasuke were only a threat to her when together, KaguyasentSasuke to a different dimension while she focused on Naruto. While Kaguya manipulated the ice dimension against him, his shadow clone explained to Kakashi, Sakura, and the now-awake Obito that his and Sasuke's powers were both necessary to defeat her. Obito offered to use his Kamui to try and explore Kaguya's dimensions to find Sasuke. To give Obito an opening, Naruto usedNaruto Region Comboto overwhelm Kaguya, forcing her to retreat to another dimension to get her bearings. When she did so, Obito infiltrated the dimension Kaguya went to with Sakura and the shadow clone. The shadow clone faced her so that she wouldn't notice them while they look for Sasuke. Kaguya returned to the ice dimension and resumed her fight with the army of Naruto's clones. He kept her preoccupied until Obito returned with Sasuke. Naruto separates Black Zetsu from Kaguya. Increasingly frustrated, Kaguya shifted them to another dimension with powerful gravity to immobilise Naruto and Sasuke while she attacked with herAll-Killing Ash Bones. Kakashi and Obito used themselves to shield the attack, with Obito then using Kamui to protect Kakashi, leaving Obito unable to defend himself. Naruto tried to heal the damage to his body, but even Hagoromo's power couldn't save him. While Sasuke fought Kaguya, Obito thanked Naruto for reminding him of who he was and made him promise to become Hokage for both their sakes. Naruto agreed and Obito's body crumbled. Black Zetsu ridiculed Obito for living an insignificant life and dying an insignificant death. Enraged, Naruto severed Kaguya's arm, in the sleeve of which Black Zetsu had been hiding, and then pinned it to the ground with his Truth-Seeking Balls. Team 7 defeats Kaguya. Naruto and his shadow clones attacked Kaguya withSage Art: Super Tailed Beast Rasenshuriken. On impact, the tailed beasts' chakra within her began reacting and Kaguya started losing control of her form. She was able to reconfigure herself and prepared anExpansive Truth-Seeking Ballto destroy them. Kakashi interfered, using Susanoo (a last gift from Obito) to make an opening for Naruto and Sasuke. She tried to escape, but Sakura punched her to keep her in place, allowing Naruto and Sasuke to triggerSix Paths — Chibaku Tensei. The tailed beasts were removed from her, Madara was spat out, and she was entombed in her own dimension. Not wanting Black Zetsu to scheme for her release again, Naruto made a point to trap it with her but not before telling it that a spoiled brat like it has no right to compare itself with the men and women who truly shaped shinobi history. Minato wishes happy birthday to Naruto. Team 7 wondered how they would return to their world. Sensing their need, Hagoromo combined the efforts of the dead Kage to summon them, the tailed beasts, and Madara back. Hagoromo thanked them for saving the world, as did the tailed beasts for saving them. Naruto happily greeted to his original Kurama, asking if it missed him, to which the flustered fox denied. After Madara died from his ordeal, Naruto met with Minato who, as day broke, wished him a happy seventeenth birthday. As Hagoromo returned Minato's and the souls of the other dead Kage to thePure Land, Minato voiced his pride in Naruto and promised to tell Kushina everything about him. The other Kage also gave words of parting, which Naruto tearfully accepted. With all threats gone, Hagoromo explained that the Infinite Tsukuyomi could be released if Naruto and Sasuke combine their chakra. Sasuke agreed to this, but first he wanted to kill the Kage and destroy the tailed beasts, believing both were inhibitive to world peace. When he was unwilling to back down from his threat, the tailed beasts moved in to stop Sasuke, but he captured each in their own Chibaku Tensei. Hagoromo recognised that as a continuation of Indra's feud with Asura, but lacked the time and power to do anything about it. Sakura tried to reason with Sasuke, but he knocked her out and left. Naruto followed after him, promising to Hagoromo that he would bring him around and finally end the centuries-long feud. Naruto and Sasuke begin their rematch at the Valley of the End. Naruto and Sasuke ended up at theValley of the End, where they fought years ago. Sasuke stated his willingness to bear the world's burdens by himself and live independently of the past, neither of which Naruto believed were possible, or at least wise. He tells Sasuke it's impossible to do everything alone like he plans to, pointing to the missteps Itachi made and their own successful teamwork against Kaguya. Sasuke replies that he only wants to remake a better world, one where he can, like Itachi before, be solely responsible for the difficult decisions that must be made so that nobody else needs to; this is what he believes a true ""Hokage"" to be. Naruto insists he will be Hokage, not Sasuke, because Sasuke is still going against what Itachi wanted for him and they start fighting. Naruto and Sasuke's attacks collide. After a brief exchange of blows reminiscent of their fight years ago, Naruto and Sasuke started trading punches with their Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo respectively. Sasuke chastised Naruto for not attacking with an intent to kill, but Naruto, like last time, was unwilling to do so, not wishing for either of them to go without the other. Naruto then clashed his Tailed Beast Ball with Sasuke's Susanoo-supported Chidori, producing a large explosion that does noticeable but not debilitating damage to their respective avatars. Each therefore powered up the avatars, Sasuke by channelling the captured tailed beasts into his Susanoo and Naruto by merging his avatar with the avatars of two shadow clones. The two met attacks once again, creating a giant explosion that stripped away their avatars and left them with too little chakra to use practically. They instead resorted totaijutsu, kicking and punching each other into the night. Naruto and Sasuke's final clash. As the two battled near exhaustion, Kurama mustered enough chakra for Naruto to make one last attack, but Sasukeabsorbedit. Having expected this, Naruto delivered a solid punch, finally irritating Sasuke over the endless repetition of their fight. Kurama gave the last of its chakra to Naruto, who used it to make a Rasengan to counter Sasuke's Chidori. Both woke up later to find that much of the Valley of the End had been destroyed, that they had each lost an arm, and that neither could move. Sasuke reflected that Naruto had been a constant obstacle to his goals, but that he was also the only person who never given up on him. Naruto's usual response that they were friends didn't convince Sasuke since it obviously went beyond, so Naruto elaborated that he experienced pain if he didn't have Sasuke. Sasuke was awed, knowing full well that Naruto had experienced various misfortunes in his life, smiled through all of them, yet would suffer without Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke reconnect. When they woke up the next day, Sasuke admitted defeat for the first time in his life, as he came to accept that Naruto was just as vital to him as he was to Naruto. Kakashi and Sakura eventually tracked them down and Sakura healed them, though she couldn't do anything about their missing arms. Once they were able to walk, they returned to where the Allied Shinobi Forces were all trapped still, dispelled the Infinite Tsukuyomi according to Hagoromo's instructions, and Sasuke released the tailed beasts. With the war over, Naruto returns to the village, where he attends a mass funeral for the participants of the war. In the anime, while recovering from his injuries, Gaara and A approach Naruto and thank him for his effort during the war. Shikamaru later brings Naruto to the Academy to meet with Iruka and Kakashi, who is considering on promoting Naruto as a jōnin. However, because he never got to retake the Chūnin Exams, Naruto has to complete two years worth of studies, much to his dismay. However, Naruto is cheered up as Iruka offers to help him.[155] Naruto and Sasuke part ways. Months after the war, Sasuke was pardoned for his crimes on the good word of Naruto and Kakashi (who had been selected to become the Sixth Hokage). Just before Sasuke left Konoha to wander the world, he was met by Naruto, who returned to him hisforehead protector. Main article:Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy SkyNearly a year after the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Naruto and Sai were sent to theLand of Wavesto captureGaryō, leader of theRyūha Armament Alliance. Once they located the Alliance's hideout, Naruto launched an assault with multiple shadow clones; although he was still missing an arm, he had learned how to perform one-handedhand seals. He easily dealt with most of the Alliance's members, but was briefly stalled by theIce Releaseof Garyō'sbodyguard. Naruto distracted the bodyguard with a shadow clone for long enough to apprehend Garyō. Garyō tried to convince Naruto that the Alliance was doing good work by releasing the world from money's corruptive influence. Although sympathetic, Naruto couldn't abide their terrorist actions and escaped with Garyō on Sai'sbird. At some point within the next two months, Naruto received a prosthetic arm to replace the one he lost during the war. While eating atRamen Ichirakuone day, he saw Kakashi walking by and asked him when he would officially take on the responsibilities of Hokage. He tried to convince Kakashi by listing the many shortcomings of Tsunade, unaware that she was standing behind him; she angrily knocked Naruto unconscious. Kakashi finally accepted the Hokage position shortly after the mission involving the Ryūha Armament Alliance and theBlood Prison. When Naruto learned about the mission, specifically that he was expressly forbidden from being informed about it at the time, Naruto started spreading rumours about Kakashi's relationship with the Blood Prison's new warden,Kahyō. Kakashi angrily attacked him and then bought him some ramen to apologise. Main articles:Shikamaru Hiden (novel)andShikamaru Hiden (anime)Naruto ran intoShikamaruearly one morning and they discussed their heavy workloads for theShinobi Union. Since Naruto's assignments were given to him by Shikamaru, he took the opportunity to complain. Shikamaru explained that Naruto, a prime candidate for an eventual Hokage position, needed to get used to it. Naruto later discussed what Shikamaru had said withSakura, having sensed that there was something Shikamaru was keeping from him. Sakura reminded Naruto of all the work Shikamaru did to prepare Naruto for becoming Hokage and that it likely had something to do with that. Naruto was aware of all that Shikamaru did on his behalf, but wondered if he was worth Shikamaru's trouble. A few days later, Naruto was approached byTemari, who was worried about Shikamaru's recent behaviour and now asked where he was. Naruto didn't know, and was troubled to find that neither didChōjiorIno. He finally asked Kakashi, who admitted under pressure that Shikamaru was on a secret assignment to theLand of Silence. Naruto joined Temari's team ofSunaninja to go to the Land of Silence to provide assistance to Shikamaru. They interrogated the locals upon arrival and learned that Shikamaru had been captured by theEnlightened Ones. They attacked the prison where Shikamaru was being held and successfully freed him, enabling him to complete his mission by taking the country's leader,Gengo, into custody. Afterwards, Naruto demanded that Shikamaru never keep anything from him again, otherwise their future Hokage—advisor relationship would be very problematic. Shikamaru agreed and apologised. While Shikamaru returned to Konoha, Naruto and several other Konoha and Suna shinobi remain in the Land of Silence to help the country recover from Gengo's control. Main article:The Last: Naruto the Movie Naruto vs. Toneri's puppets. During theRinne Festival, Naruto, being the hero of the village, was bombarded with gifts from various young Konoha residents. To distract Naruto from all the attention,Konohamaruinvited him over tohis grandfather's storage, where Naruto found a scarf thathis motherhad knitted for him before she passed. He happily began wearing the scarf around the village, treating it as a precious memento. Naruto attempted to discuss his new-found attention toHinataover ramen, but it made her uncomfortable and ran away with embarrassment, much to his confusion and leading him to chase after her. While looking for her, Naruto stumbled across a horde ofpuppetstrying to abduct Hinata. After he rescued her, they were notified that Hinata's sisterHanabiwas kidnapped byToneri Ōtsutsuki, and were assigned on ateamto rescue her. Kakashi informed the team of the imminent crashing of themoononto the Earth, and asked that they do what they can to stop it in case Toneri was connected in any way. They followed Hanabi's trail and were led into a cave. While traveling through it, they were caught ingenjutsuformed from their own memories. From seeing events of his own past and some of Hinata's, Naruto was reminded of her feelings for him and realised that he felt the same way. Sakura released them from the genjutsu and they continued with the mission. After the team encountered theGatekeeper, Naruto noticed that Hinata was missing and left to find her, only to discover that she was in a conversation with adisguisedToneri who he quickly defeated. Hinata wouldn't share what she discussed with the puppet, so Naruto vowed not to let her out of his sight again. They continued through the cave and eventually arrived in the moon's interior, which the team then split up to investigate the surroundingsettlement. Naruto confesses to Hinata. After the team regrouped, Naruto watched Hinata as she repaired her ruined scarf. She expressed her concerns that she wasn't doing enough to save her sister, so Naruto reassured her and also told her how he felt. Toneri appeared before she could respond, prompting Hinata to give Naruto the scarf and departed with Toneri. Naruto chased after them, believing Hinata was being taken against her will. When Hinata did not deny Toneri's statement about them getting married, Naruto became too shocked to react. Toneri attacked him, destroying the scarf and leaving him badly injured. After three days of around-the-clock medical attention from Sakura, he woke up. Naruto was distraught, believing there was no reason to go on if Hinata had chosen Toneri. Sakura reassured him that Hinata couldn't really have feelings for Toneri as she loved Naruto too much, and had a reason for doing what she did. As his strength returned, Naruto vowed he would save Hinata and for her to wait for him. Naruto fighting Toneri. The team soon infiltrated Toneri's castle and afterlocatingHinata, Naruto went after her while the others rescued Hanabi. He arrived in time to interrupt Toneri's and Hinata's wedding ceremony. Toneri, who wascontrollingHinata, had her attack Naruto, only for him to break his control and escape with her. Hinata led him to theTenseiganthat was controlling the moon's decent, which they individually tried to destroy to no success, buttogetherthey succeeded. After regrouping with the others, Hinata gave Naruto a piece of the scarf she knitted for him, which he graciously accepted. The team then attempted to flee the castle, but a furious Toneri appeared and separated the group, which gave him the opportunity to recapture Hinata. During their intense fight, Naruto managed to overcome Toneri'snew powerand overwhelm him by concentrating all his chakra into his fist and defeated him with a single punch, freeing Hinata in the process. Naruto and Hinata kiss. Toneri tried onefinal attack, but was unable to control its power, leading to Naruto to intervene and save him from drifting out into space. Afterwards, Hinata informed Toneri of Hamura's actual decree and he, regretful about what he did, allowed the team to return home. As they were returning to Earth, Naruto reaffirmed his feelings for Hinata and stated that he wanted to be with her for the rest of his life, much to her happiness, and the two later shared their first kiss. Main article:Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring BreezeWhile Naruto and Hinata wereout on a datein Konoha, they ran into Sakura. Sensing that Sakura was overworking herself, they invited her to join them, but she declined. One day, while Naruto was teaching a class ofAcademy studentshow to spar, he noticed Sakura, who was wandering around Konoha, looking distressed. Sensing that she needed a distraction, Naruto insisted that she help him, which took her mind off recent events. As thanks, Sakura informed Naruto of something she avoided telling him: there were rumours that Sasuke was trying to destroy Konoha. She didn't believe the rumours were true, but nobody had been able to get in touch with Sasuke to confirm. Naruto pointed out that Sasuke must not be worried by these rumours, otherwise he would respond to the messages he'd been sent. Sakura thought that was a good point and was put at ease. When Naruto and Hinata later learned that Sakura had been kidnapped byKido Tsumiki, they joined with Kakashi in going to rescue her. On finding her, however, they discovered that she had already defeated Kido. They congratulated her on her victory. Main articles:Konoha Hiden (novel)andKonoha Hiden (anime) Naruto and Hinata preparing to be wed. Naruto and Hinata decided to get married and invited their friends and family. Because his parents were dead, Naruto askedIrukato attend as his father, which Iruka happily agreed to. On the day of the wedding, though, Naruto kept his real father in his thoughts, looking uponMinato's face on theHokage Rockwith admiration as he and Hinata were about to walk down the aisle. Main articles:Sasuke Shinden (novel)andSasuke Shinden (anime)Naruto appears in the novel. Naruto and Hinata raising their children. Shortly after their wedding, Naruto and Hinata hada son, and two years later they hada daughter. In the anime, over the years, Naruto was constantly busy, leading to him not taking the Chūnin Exams. Despite being a genin, Naruto was selected to succeed Kakashi and become the Seventh Hokage.[156]On the day of his inauguration, Boruto accidentally destroyed Himawari's toy, leading to Naruto stepping in to defend his son from Himawari'sGentle Fist-strike, but ended up taking the blow instead, rendering him unconscious. He ended up missing his own inauguration, forcing Konohamaru toimpersonate himduring the ceremony.[157]As Hokage, he hosted aKage Summitin Konoha, in which Sasuke and Sakura attended alongside the fourKageand their bodyguards. During the meeting, Sasuke reported that athreatgreater than Kaguya may still exist somewhere, which Naruto and the other Kage decided to keep the information between themselves to avoid causing a panic.[158] Main articles:Sasuke RetsudenandSasuke Retsuden (manga)When Naruto became afflicted with an unknown illness, Sasuke decided to go to theLand of Redakuwhen learning of stories that the Sage of Six Paths had the same illness and found a cure there. Naruto tried to talk Sasuke out of it, but he ignored his pleas. Ultimately, Sasuke, with the help of Sakura and Kakashi, were able to find the cure,polar particles. Upon recovering, Naruto thanks his friends for their efforts Main article:Academy Entrance Arc Naruto welcoming the Academy students. In the anime, Naruto partakes in the entrance ceremony at the Academy, which leads to him being mortified after Boruto arrives and damages theHokage Rock. After the incident, Naruto learns from theKaminarimon Company presidentthat Boruto is having a positive impact on hisson, leading to Naruto smiling. Later, as amysterious presencecontinues to cause people in the village to randomly attack the citizens, Naruto decides to begin an investigation, which uncovers that victims are having their chakra severely drained to the point of hospitalisation. Naruto and Hiashi discuss Boruto's training. In the anime, as the mysterious attack began to happen throughout the village, Naruto's efforts to uncover the truth began to exhaust him and being insisted by Shikamaru to go home and rest. Upon arriving, he learned that Boruto was acting very strange recently. Once confronting his son about his new attitude, Boruto insisted that he had finally manifested his Byakugan, leading them to talk toHiashi. Upon arriving at his household, Hiashi like Naruto had doubts that Boruto awakened the Byakugan. Deciding to test Boruto, Hanabi faces Boruto, which concluded that Boruto hadn't manifested thedōjutsu. Afterwards, Naruto talked with Hiashi about his grandchildren. After assigning Sai to investigate the attacks in the village, he returned home late, and confided in Hinata about his ineptitude in interacting with his children, believing it to stem from his growing up without parents. Sometime later, Naruto saved civilians at the Konoha Purification Plant. As Boruto decided to check on his hospitalised friends, realising that his son was conducting his own investigation on the attacks, Naruto dragged Boruto to the surgery room, showing his son what was becoming of the victims of prolonged rampages. While hoping to sway Boruto into staying out of this matter, it only strengthened Boruto's resolve. Shino then appeared, encouraging Naruto to have faith in his son as the teacher himself was recently saved by Boruto's efforts. While still weary, Naruto decided to trust Shino's judgement. While having dinner with his family andMitsuki, Naruto abruptly departs to handle a matter involving strange chakra spreading across Konoha. Soon after, Sai discovered that the culprit behind these attacks wasSumire Kakei. Naruto learned from Kakashi that Sumire's intention was to unleash theGozu Tennōon the village. Later, when Sai found Sumire, she unleashed theNue. Naruto soon joined the unit to fend off the creature, but Kakashi warned Naruto to not get close, having realised that the endgame of this creature was to amass enough chakra to produce a powerful enough explosion to destroy the village. While the barrier team worked to keep the creature at bay, it suddenly teleported away. As Naruto attempted to find the creature with Sage Mode, Kakashi deduced that the creature worked differently from normal summonings, existing naturally in its own separate dimension. Naruto meets up with Sasuke. Upon Sumire turning herself in, Sai and Shikamaru notified him that it's due to Boruto appealing to Sumire's genuine love of her friends in the Academy, making Naruto relieved that decided to admit her in the first place. Later, he informs Boruto that while he must look to the welfare of the entire village and does not have absolute say, he promises to help Sumire. Ultimately, it was decided to pardon Sumire and let her return to the Academy. Later, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke, giving him the research on theGozu Tennō. Sasuke quickly deduced that this was an attempt on Danzō to recreate Kaguya's technique. Before Sasuke departs, he asks Naruto to apologise to Sakura for his continued absence, leading to Naruto feeling responsible for. Main article:Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring Naruto and Boruto having dinner at Ichiraku Ramen. In the anime, when Himawari became sick due to a fever, Naruto hurried home worried about her in which Boruto pointed out that his Hokage cloak is inside out. When Naruto and Boruto began fighting over what Himawari should eat, Hinata became angry and kicked them both out of the house due to them being noisy. Naruto then invited Boruto to eat with him at Ramen Ichiraku to try to bond with him in which he accepted. As they ate, Naruto told his son about all the precious memories he had in the shop, such as being acknowledged by Iruka, hanging out with Team 7, and going on his firstdatewith Hinata. On the day of theFive Kage Summitin Konoha,Moegi KazamatsuriandUdon Isenotify Naruto that Boruto had vandalised theHokage Rock. Before Boruto could do any more damage, Naruto catches and stops him. Afterwards, he gives his son a lecture about how the whole village is his family. The ordeal leads to Naruto arriving late to the kage meeting, which he apologies for.[159] As Boruto's graduation exam from theAcademywas approaching, Naruto used a shadow clone to help him train. Meanwhile, the real Naruto received a report from Sasuke about aboywith the Sharingan. After he consulted with Kakashi about it, Naruto decided to accompany Sasuke to a meeting withOrochimaru, leaving behind a shadow clone to manage Konoha in his absence. He made a point to leave the village before Boruto could come to see him off, though he asked Shikamaru to apologise to Boruto on his behalf. Naruto protecting Sarada and Chōchō from Shin's attack. While on his way to the rendezvous point, Naruto sensed that he was being followed bySarada UchihaandChōchō Akimichi. He initially tried to ignore them, but eventually decided it would be better to confront them than to let them continue coming after him. When he arrived to speak with them, however, he found them being attacked by the same boy from Sasuke's report. Although he was pleased that they were able to hold their own against their attacker, Naruto decided to get personally involved when he saw the boy had aMangekyō Sharingan. The boy could do nothing against Naruto's Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, so he fled with acreature'sspace–time ninjutsu. Because the boy was apparently after Sarada, Naruto allowed them to come with him so that he could keep them safe. Naruto comforts Sarada. While having lunch, Naruto told Sarada about what her father was like growing up and then informed both Sarada and Chōchō in what ways they take after their parents. Sarada was not only interested to hear about Sasuke, but also found she got along quite well with Naruto. As they got close to where they were supposed to meet up with Sasuke, Sarada used the bathroom as an excuse to sneek away from Naruto and Chōchō so that she could see him first. Naruto followed, and, on arrival, was reprimanded by Sasuke for bringing children with him. Sarada explained that she came without permission, as she wanted to know if Sakura was her real mother. Sasuke ignored the question, which only upset her and caused her to storm out. Naruto tried to comfort her, but his assurances that Sasuke meant well did not improve her mood. Before he could continue, he sensed the boy's return and defended Sarada as the boy and his father,Shin Uchiha, attack. Sasuke assisted in fighting off Shin and his son, but Shin was able tomanipulateSasuke's sword and used it to stab Naruto. Naruto continued attacking Shin despite his injury, though tried to use being impaled by the sword to win sympathy; Kurama ridiculed Naruto for allowing himself to be stabbed at all, but assured him that it wouldn't kill him. Sakura suddenly arrived to lend assistance and landed a fatal blow on Shin, forcing Shin to escape and took Sakura with him. Unable to detect where Shin had taken Sakura, they continued to Orochimaru's lair. Orochimaru informed them that Shin was an old experiment of his that he since lost control of. Naruto noticed Sarada sneaking off withSuigetsu Hōzukiduring Orochimaru's explanation and followed them, listening in as Suigetsu ran a DNA test that suggested Sarada's real mother was actuallyKarin. Not knowing what the truth was, Naruto was upset first with Sasuke for the secret he has seemingly been keeping, but also with Suigetsu for getting involved. He approached Sarada to discuss it with her, but she lashed out at him, believing he had been a knowing participant in the lie that Sakura was her mother. When she tried to insist that having no blood relation to Sakura meant they weren't family, Naruto took a firm stance: he wasn't related to most of Konoha's villagers, yet he still considered them his family because they were important to him. In the same way, Sakura and Sarada were family because they were important to each other. Sarada realised how much she loved Sakura and decided she wanted to help rescue her. They reunited with the others and head out for Shin's hideout. Naruto facing a Shin clone. Using Sasuke'sRinnegan, they were able to reach where Shin took Sakura, only to find Sakura faring fine on her own fighting him. With the numbers against him growing, Shin called in his sons (actually his clones) to assist, but they turned against him and killed him because he always mistreated them. The clones then turned their attention to Naruto and the others, which Naruto engaged with his own shadow clones. Because they were only children, he frightened them into surrendering by manifesting Kurama. After learning that Sakura indeed was her biological mother, Sarada reconciled with her parents, much to Naruto's happiness. Then, they all returned to Konoha, with Shin's clones being delivered to theKonoha Orphanage. Main article:School Trip ArcIn the anime, to improve relationships with other villages and symbolically show the warring era was over, Naruto set up an official class trip for the Academy to go to Kirigakure. Working out the details withChōjūrō, he also got a tour guide for the class. Main article:Graduation Exams Arc Naruto training with Konoha-nin. In the anime, as Academy classes began preparing for the graduation exams, the various students were interviewed about their future goals alongside a parent. Naruto however was unable to join his son as he was busy discussing matters with Orochimaru about his research on Danzō's old experiments. As Orochimaru delivered promising results to aid Sasuke in his own investigations, while Shikamaru voiced his still limited trust in Orochimaru, Naruto was more relaxed about Orochimaru roaming the village. On Boruto's first day as a genin, Naruto managed to get some time to have breakfast with his family and see Boruto off to be assigned his team. After Boruto left, Shikamaru went to Naruto's house to collect him and inform him of his various duties for the day. Later on, Naruto was in a field testing a number of shinobi's skills inBarrier Ninjutsuto better protect the village withMirai Sarutobias his escort for the day. When Boruto and his teammates came to him, he was thinking that they want to change teams, but was pleasantly surprised when instead they want their team denomination to be changed to Team 7. Main article:Genin Mission ArcIn the anime, as the recently promoted genin began to prepare for their first missions, Naruto prepared to present them, as it was customary. While Boruto began bragging about how easy it will, Naruto sternly warned him not to be so cocky. He presented Team 7 with a D-rank mission to aid the Green Banks Village who were being attacked by bandits for their crops. Naruto stressed that the team show team-work to complete the mission. Main article:Byakuya Gang Arc Naruto quelling the protest. In the anime, when theByakuya Gangbegan conducting heists throughout Konoha, their act of distributing their stolen wealth to the poor began gaining much support from many of the villagers, leading to a protest breaking out after the group fooled the villages into believing the Kaminarimon Company was corrupt. After shinobi determined that the leaders of the protest were being manipulated bygenjutsuand freed them, Naruto and his clones appeared before the crowds and began quelling them with his speech. Straight after, Naruto headed towards the Land of Fire's border where he apprehendedGekkō, who had used the riots as a distraction to steal theMagnum Opusfrom theNinjutsu Research Centre. Main articles:Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child DayandParent and Child Day ArcNOTE:In the anime, the events of this arc occur after theMitsuki's Disappearance Arc. Naruto and Himawari spending Parent and Child Day together. After announcingParent and Child Day, Shikamaru took care of Naruto's paperwork, allowing him to spend time with Himawari. Despite being sleep deprived, Naruto accepted his daughter's wish and began searching for a Kurama doll with her. After being joined by Kiba during their unsuccessful search, he bought Himawari a Shukaku doll, to which she enjoyed. Later, with Himawari going to bed with Hinata, Naruto approached Boruto and apologised for not having spent any time during the holiday with his son. He gave Boruto a custom shuriken as a present and the two decided to spend the remainder of the evening training together. Main articles:Boruto: Naruto the MovieandVersus Momoshiki ArcIn the anime, on the day of Boruto's birthday, work got in the way, making him unable to attend, instead only arriving home late at night with only a birthday present as an apology. Later, as more investigations to the workings of Kaguya continued, a third Ōtsutsuki clan ruin tied to her was found. Determined to find out all he could, Naruto prepared to investigate it personally. One the way out, Naruto was approached by his son, demanding that his father promised he would show up for Himawari's birthday that was coming up, which he did. Naruto exhausted from overusing his clones. Later, Naruto remained busy with his Hokage duties and continued having a strained relationship with his son, Boruto. Konoha has grown into a large city under Naruto's leadership, although Naruto is overwhelmed with the responsibilities of being Hokage, leading him to create shadow clones to tend to his family and the villagers. When Boruto and histeamreport to Naruto after a mission, Naruto asked his son to address him as ""the Seventh"" instead of ""Dad,"" and reminded him of the importance of teamwork, which annoyed his son, as he believed that he could handle anything on his own. Boruto warned his father to be home for Himawari's birthday party or else he will never forgive him.Katasuke Tōnothen entered his office, requesting permission from Naruto to allow participants of the upcoming Chūnin Exams to use his new invention, theKote. However Naruto refused on the grounds that it did not show one's true abilities as a shinobi. Naruto was unable to make it to his daughter's birthday party and sent a shadow clone instead. However, the clone ended up disappearing and dropping the cake when Naruto became fatigued, which enraged Boruto and caused him to throw Naruto's old, tattered jacket out the window. Naruto felt guilty for letting his family down and Shikamaru told him to go home and rest. The jacket was found by Sasuke, who returned to Konoha to ask for help in deciphering a scroll he found in Kaguya's abandoned castle. They met in Naruto's office where Sasuke mentioned his meeting with Boruto and this leads to them making a bet on whether the nature of a shinobi has changed in regards to Boruto, to which Sasuke says it hasn't and Naruto says it has. Naruto exposes Boruto's cheating at the Chūnin Exams. Naruto wasn't surprised when Boruto won the first test but after being advised by Shikamaru to reach out to Boruto, Naruto congratulated him via email, much to Boruto's annoyance. While the scroll was being deciphered, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke and asked him if it was true that he was training Boruto. Naruto said that perhaps Sasuke was right concerning the nature of shinobi remaining the same, to which Sasuke agrees. Naruto was nervous about the outcome of the second test but after learning Boruto passed, Naruto was overjoyed. Later, he met with Boruto in his bedroom and personally congratulated him and told him not to lose against Shikadai. Naruto offered a fist bump, but Boruto only smiled as he didn't want his father to discover the Kote he was wearing. For the third test, Naruto chose to sit with Hinata and Himawari rather than with the other Kage as they watched Boruto fight in the third round and finally againstShikadai Nara. Near the end, Naruto suspected something was wrong after Boruto won. In the anime, he did not realise anything was amiss until Boruto's next match in the finals when he defeatedShinki. He asked Hinata to use her Byakugan and she noticed Boruto wearing a Kote (in the anime he realised the truth on his own). Realising that Boruto was using the exam-forbidden tool to advance his techniques, a disappointed Naruto confronted him in the arena, ordered that Boruto be disqualified from the exam and took Boruto's forehead protector from him, suspending his ninja status. He told Boruto they would talk about this at home, but Boruto lashed out at him that Naruto doesn't know how to give him a lecture when he's never home. Naruto captured by Momoshiki. Suddenly,MomoshikiandKinshiki Ōtsutsukiappear and began attacking the arena. Naruto is knocked out of the arena by Momoshiki but he rushes back to defend his son when he is in danger and is shortly joined by Sasuke and Sarada. Sasuke informed Naruto that the two enemies are the new threat written about in the scroll. Naruto realises he is their target and demands to know what they want. After Momoshiki reveals he wanted Kaguya's chakra, and eventually Kurama's from the Seventh Hokage, Naruto and Sasuke combine Kurama and Susanoo to shield themselves and their children from the enemies' attacks. Naruto also dispatches shadow clones to protect civilians that hadn't managed to flee from the arena. Determined to protect his son and friends, Naruto ultimately decides to allow himself to be captured in Momoshiki's jutsu and asks Sasuke to take care of Boruto for him. Just before Naruto disappears, he looks over his shoulder and offers his son one last smile. Naruto was teleported to another dimension and bound by Momoshiki and Kinshiki to a God Tree. Naruto resisted as Momoshiki extracted half of Kurama's chakra from inside Naruto. The two debated the merits of instant strength and earned strength, causing Naruto to realise his own lack of effort in trying to understand Boruto, which is what drove him to cheat with the Shinobi Gauntlet. During the ordeal, Sasuke, Boruto, and the other Kage arrived to rescue him. Naruto and Sasuke fighting Momoshiki's techniques. Naruto, surprised to see Boruto wearing his old jacket, told his son that it was like looking at one of his shadow clones. When he tried to apologise to Boruto for not being there for him, Boruto replied that it was alright and he just wants to hear more about Naruto's past. After the other Kage failed to defeat Kinshiki, and the latter was absorbed by Momoshiki, Naruto and Sasuke joined forces to fight him and initially gained the upper hand until Naruto was briefly imprisoned by boulders and Sasuke was severely burned by Momoshiki'sLava Release. Naruto became enraged upon seeing Sasuke injured but was relieved to find he was all right and still able to fight after being healed by Kurama's chakra. By once again combining Kurama and Susanoo, they managed to defeat Momoshiki and cut his lava creature in half, but Katasuke rushed in and began firing ninjutsu attacks from his Kote at Momoshiki, which he absorbed and used to attack Naruto and the others. Naruto is restrained by black rods while Momoshiki prepares to eliminate the rest of the Kage. When Boruto used hisVanishing Rasenganagainst Momoshiki to free his father and the other Kage, Naruto was greatly surprised to find that his son was able to use the Rasengan. As they prepare their final assault, Naruto helps Boruto to create aParent and Child Rasengan, which Boruto himself unleashes upon Momoshiki and ultimately kills him. Naruto and Boruto reconcile. After the battle ends, Naruto sits with Sasuke and Naruto agrees Sasuke won their bet. Naruto proudly looked on at his son and stated that he would always be there to watch Boruto grow as his father. After returning home, Naruto posed for a photograph with Boruto, Sasuke, and the four other Kage. In the anime, Naruto hosted a shared birthday party for Boruto and Himawari as an apology for his actions during Himawari's actual birthday and brought home a cake for the family to eat. After Boruto punched Naruto, thinking it was a shadow clone, Naruto began scolding him, while Himawari asked for a piggy back ride. Hinata maintained order by threatening to throw the cake away. The next morning, as Boruto left to meet with his team and Naruto left to go to work, both wished each other to do their best and bumped fists with each other. While Boruto was giving a live interview on Konoha TV, Naruto watches it proudly from his desk. Main article:Chōchō ArcIn the anime, when the twoleadactorsof a popular TV drama received a death threat, Naruto assigned Team 7 and Team 10 to protect them. Main article:Mitsuki's Disappearance ArcIn the anime, whentwoguardswere attacked byunknownassailants, the village was put on lockdown. Naruto and his advisers then oversaw Ino probe Uō's mind for answers, learning thatMitsukihad left willingly with the attackers. When Naruto revealed to the others Mitsuki was in fact Orochimaru's son, much outrage followed, prompting Naruto to give his rational on why he accepted Mitsuki into Konoha. Later, Naruto was informed that Boruto and Sarada left the village to find Mitsuki, leading to him dispatchingTeam 10to retrieve the pair. When Naruto learned that the attackers were on route to theLand of Earth, he contactedKurotsuchi, who promised to investigate the matter herself and return the Konoha genin pursing Mitsuki. While discussing Mitsuki's apparent betrayal, Konohamaru insisted he be the one to bring his student back, which Naruto reluctantly agreed to. Naruto later attempted to contact Kurotsuchi, but was told she wasn't available, leading to him becoming suspicious something was happening inIwagakure. Naruto attending Ōnoki's funeral. Later, Naruto's fears were proven correct when Shikadai contacted his father via phone, revealing that Iwagakure was taken over as part of a plan by Ōnoki. Knowing that they couldn't act hastily, Naruto talks with the other officials and decided that he would join Shikamaru in meeting with the other daimyō to get their support on engaging this personal matter. After getting approval, Naruto and an escort moved out, and allowed his son's peers to come with him. Upon arriving at the batted village, Naruto applauded Konohamaru's work during the Iwa's internal struggle. Naruto stayed in the village and attended Ōnoki's funeral, prompting him to say theTsuchikageleft behind a grand legacy and lesson about perseverance. After returning to the village, while personally applauding Boruto and Sarada for loyally supporting Mitsuki, whose own efforts were revealed to have saved Iwa, he still was reluctantly forced to strip the Team 7 genin of their shinobi status as punishment for deserting the village. Later, Kurotsuchi's gratitude and recommendation convinced Naruto to reinstate them. Main article:Konohamaru's Love ArcIn the anime, due to Konohamaru spying onAsaki, a complaint was filed against him, prompting Naruto to place him under house arrest. Main article:One-Tail Escort Arc Naruto meets with the tailed beasts to discuss Urashiki. In the anime, after Sai delivered a sealedShukakuin a tea kettle to Naruto as a result of Gaara being unable to protect it in theLand of WindfromUrashiki Ōtsutsuki, Shukaku explained it only made it to Konoha due to Boruto acting as a decoy against their pursuer. Informing Shikamaru he was going to the scene, Sasuke approached the pair and told him that wasn't necessary, as Sasuke had earlier protected Boruto and forced Urashiki to retreat. Three days later, Naruto and Gaara discussed the incident in his office. Afterwards, Naruto had a Shadow Clone see the Kazekage off at the Thunder Rail station. Some time later, Naruto brought Shukaku to his house until an official safe house was decided on. Later that evening, Naruto had a telepathic meeting with some of the other tailed beasts to discuss how to handle being targeted. As a result of guarding Shukaku, Naruto got to spend time with his family, before escorting Shukaku to his safe house. Main article:Time Slip Arc A young Naruto and Boruto discussing Boruto's father. In the anime, Naruto was notified that Urashiki was on the move again, being even more indiscriminate in his stealing of chakra. While pleased that all of the Five Great Shinobi Nations were on alert and willing to share all intel on Urashiki, Shikamaru voiced his concern about Mirai's sudden disappearance and also wondered what their enemy true goal was for gathering chakra. Later, Naruto decided to have the genin test new surveillance equipment designed to follow their location. During the field test, Urashiki was spotted in the area. This prompted most of the Konoha-nin in the village to engage, while Shikamaru stayed in the Hokage Office to help protect Naruto. Urashiki managed to get hold of a device that allowed him to travel into the past, prompting Sasuke and Boruto being sent back alongside him to the time period shortly after Sasuke's defection. A teenage Naruto and Jiraiya encountered the pair, who were disguising their identities and their occupations as travelling performers. As they were foreigners, Tsunade has Naruto and Jiraiya look over them. Spending time with Boruto, Naruto allowed him to sleep at his apartment, where Boruto vaguely talked about his father, speaking about both his feats and his flaws, where Naruto was intrigued to hear about, noting that Boruto enjoyed talking about his family, and inquired Boruto if he hated his father, to which Boruto denied. Naruto training with Boruto. The day after cleaning up a bathhouse together, Urashiki targeted Naruto. Failing at extracting Kurama's chakra, Urashiki instead captured him and trapped Boruto, Sasuke and Jiraiya in a rock prison before retreating. Using a cave for a hideout, Urashiki forced Naruto's seal to emerge and used his chakra in an attempt to forcibly extract Kurama' chakra from within Naruto. Urashiki's actions caused Kurama's chakra to leak out, forcing Naruto to undergo hisVersion 1transformation. Arriving to rescue Naruto, Boruto attempted to reason with his father, but Naruto had since completely lost his common sense and attacked Boruto. Jiraiya managed to subdue the Nine-Tails' chakra with a seal, and Sasuke forced Urashiki to retreat. Afterwards, Jiraiya offered to train Naruto and Boruto to prepare them for Urashiki. The following day, Naruto began working with Boruto to synchronise their chakra to create a new cooperation ninjutsu under Jiraiya's guidance. After Boruto left to clear his head, Sasuke approached Naruto with food from Jiraiya, and told Naruto about how ""a friend"" struggled for years to help him after he lost his way, but never gave up until finally succeeding, which renewed Naruto's conviction. Continuing his training the next day, the pair were approached by Sakura, who had found Sasuke's note from the future, and questioned why it Sasuke's name on it before shortly leaving with an answer. Naruto and Boruto resumed their training, which ultimately left them exhausted. They were then approached again by Urashiki, who subdued the pair. Jiraiya and Sasuke joined the fight. Deciding the foe's newest technique was too dangerous, Sasuke tackled himself and Urashiki over the ledge and into a river to let his allies escape. While tending to Jiraiya's wounds, the group tried to figure out how to deal with Urashiki. Boruto realised that in the fight, the blood splattered on Urashiki was drying much faster than Boruto's. After engaging the foe again to test a theory, they concluded that Urashiki's technique lets himwarp into the pastby several seconds, giving him a pseudo-clairvoyance from his experiences. Urashiki attacked the Konoha-nin again, where Jiraiya contained everyone in hisSummoning: Toad Mouth Bind. During which, Naruto unleashed a continued barrage of clones on Urashiki. While he easily countered the assault with his technique, Urashiki inadvertently poisoned himself from the acidic vapours of the great toad's belly far sooner than the Konoha-nin due to his repeated time-warp. Once Jiraiya released the summoning, Naruto and Boruto then proceeded to knockout Urashiki with aRasenganassault. Naruto and Boruto facing Urashiki. Enraged, Urashiki awoke and consumed all his accumulated chakra and his eyes, leading to him undergoing a transformation that strengthened him. Jiraiya and the two genin were quickly overwhelmed by Urashiki's continued assaults, even with the aid of the returning Sasuke. Urashiki deliberately held back on Naruto, hoping to anger him enough into unleashing the Nine-Tails' chakra. His efforts ultimately succeeded when Jiraiya took a hit that was intended for Naruto, triggering his transformation. Boruto, however, managed to reach Naruto and together were able to perfect theirnew collaboration technique. With the combined effort of Jiraiya and Sasuke, the two kids were able to plough through Urashiki's final attack and obliterate him. After the battle, both Naruto and Boruto lose consciousness due to their exhaustion. Days after Naruto and Boruto recovered at the Konoha hospital, he was upset to hear that Boruto and Sasuke would be leaving now that their mission was completed. Before they left, Naruto gave Boruto a gift. Sasuke used his Sharingan toeraseeveryone's memories of the events to preserve the timeline. On seeing the Sharingan, Naruto had what appeared to be a brief moment of recognising Sasuke before losing consciousness. Upon the pair returning, Naruto was approached by Sasuke who explained the recent situation he and Boruto had. Naruto was amazed at such a tale. Later, while visiting Jiraiya's grave to pay his respect, he was approached by Boruto, who decided to share with Naruto the gift of special ramen given by his past self. Sometime later, Sumire was officially transferred to theScientific Ninja Weapons Team. Naruto reached out to the Land of Iron and requested an exchange student to take Sumire's spot onTeam 15. Shikamaru was concerned about his experimental move of mixing shinobi with samurai, but Naruto insisted it would help close the gap between the two. Later, Naruto attended his father-in-law's birthday, impressed by Boruto getting past his aversion mushy feelings to suggest a regular family photo. Main article:Sasuke Shinden: The Teacher's Star PupilNaruto appears in this novel. Main articles:Mujina Bandits ArcandShikamaru ShindenIn the anime, Naruto set up a mission forTeam 7to infiltrateHōzuki Castleto verify the information about theMujina Banditsoffered byKokuriin exchange for protection. After losing contact fromMujō, the prison warder who was working with Konohagakure, Naruto sent Sai and a team to investigate. Ultimately, the succeeded in returning ""Kokuri"" to the village to question him about the Mujina Bandits before letting the man go free. At the Hokage building, Naruto hosted a Kage Summit, during which the Kage bickered about topics concerning Konoha, leading toKurotsuchidemanding Konoha to disclose all of its confidential information as the village's proof to peace by the next summit, and saidIwagakurewould leave the Five Great Shinobi Country alliance if they didn't. Afterwards the summit ended. Naruto was told then by Shikamaru that the reason why Kurotsuchi was acting that way was because she was being pressured by the Earth Daimyō to invade the Land of Flowers for the corps they had to offer and expressed sadness that Kurotsuchi didn't tell them as he believed that the Shinobi Union would have definitely aided her when it came to food scarcity and other issues and the potential of another war, remembering the casualties of the last war and not wanting to use and introduce the next generation to the horrors of war. Naruto found hope, however, when Shikamaru said they could negotiate with her so the invasion won't happen.[65] Unfortunately, in the next Kage Summit, Naruto's revelation of Kurotsuchi's true intentions only causeDaruito angrily threaten to kill Kurotsuchi and to add things worse, Naruto and Sasuke's strength were used as a boon for Kurotsuchi's cause, as they had the power to take over the continent and the imbalance in strength between Konoha and the other villages were thus immense. Despite Naruto's attempts to ensure Konoha would not try to take over the world, Shikamaru responded by paralysing and threatening to crush Kurotsuchi's neck, much to Naruto's horror and fury. Quickly, Naruto used his chakra to break out of Shikamaru's shadow and angrily put Shikamaru in place before attempting to plea for peace but he could not sway Kurotsuchi or Darui, who made it clear they would go to war if the invasion were to occur. Furious over the outcome, Naruto angrily confronted Shikamaru when they walked home but was rebuffed by his friend, who told him to think with his head and start responding harshly enough.[65] Several months after the Hōzuki Castle mission, Naruto discussed Katasuke being under mind control with Sai and Ibiki, and had them continue their investigation while Shikamaru handled Katasuki. Afterwards,Mirai Sarutobiinformed Naruto that Team Konohamaru successfully captured the Mujina Bandits, much to his joy. AsShojojiwas discussed, Naruto told everyone that they had to hurry up and handle themissing-nin.[160]Shikamaru then informed Naruto of his upcoming meeting with theFire DaimyōIkkyū Madoka, which Naruto had forgotten was later during the day. During which, he discussed financial matter with Ikkyū.[65] Main article:Kara Actuation ArcLater in the anime, Team 25 and Sasuke were sent to investigate the information extracted from the captured Shojoji about Kara's existence in Amegakure. Upon their return, they learned that Kara had long ago abandoned their facility in Amegakure and were performing biological experiments. They also learned that there were in fact civilians who sympathised with Kara and its goals. Naruto was concerned to learn that Amegakure was in shambles as it had yet to make any recovery since the Fourth Shinobi World War. He was determined to help the village. Naruto learned thatVictor, the president of theLand of Valleys' premiere medical and research company, was a member ofKarawho somehow obtained a sample of the First Hokage's cells. Naruto was greatly concerned thatTeam 7was defeated by two Inners. Upon seeing Boruto in treatment, he was certain that Boruto would be fine. Afterwards, Naruto discussed with his advisers on the next move. Shikamaru offered to use his connections in the Land of Valleys to get permission to investigate Victor's company. Three days later, it was approved for Naruto to sendMuginoand Konohamaru to stealthily investigate. Later, Naruto sentTeam 10on a joint mission withTeam Shinkito retrieve Urashiki's puppet. He later listened to Shikadai's report on the mission which greatly concerned and disturbed him. After Boruto recovered from his new training, Naruto gave his son permission to return to the Land of Valleys to return the wedding ring of their recent client's husband to her. Following the defeat of Victor and his amoral experiments, Naruto received a report on the events. Upon Konohamaru and Mugino's return, Konoha leadership discussed how to handle Kara, having learned influential figures like Victor were associated with the organisation and finding evidence in their investigation that Kara had spies all around. While many considered closing off the gates to Konohagakure to stop the flow of information, Naruto was torn on this, valuing the new peace between the village and the rest of the world. After talking various officials in the village, and witnessing Boruto and his friends work on an experiment to improve wireless communications, Naruto decided to not close the gates as it would deter cooperation with the outside world, instead deciding to reinforce security. Main article:Ao Arc Naruto facing Boruto. In the anime, Naruto attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War. Later, Naruto joins his son in a sparring match at theTraining Hall, to test out Katasuke's new invention that was fitted on his arm. During the match, Narutodefendshimself from Boruto, and uses the invention to absorb hisson'stechniques, before defeating him with a single kick. Afterwards at the Hokage's office, Naruto informs Boruto of the technology he used against him, which angered Boruto. Before Naruto could explain himself, Sasuke arrives and interrupts their conversation, calming Boruto down by pointing out the need for them with the coming danger of enemies like theŌtsutsuki Clan. Naruto also admitted to knowing about Boruto's mark on his right palm, which was another reason Naruto approved the development of this advanced weaponry. While Boruto still insisted they should rely solely on ninjutsu like in the Chūnin Exams, Naruto noted that the Chūnin Exams were to test one's growth as a ninja, where as they are now in a battle for survival. Katasuke then arrived to retrieve his prototype, to which Naruto assigned Team Konohamaru a C-rank mission to escort the lead scientist back to the lab in Ryūben City. While Boruto stormed off in a huff, Naruto asked his genin team-mates to watch over him should anything happen with his mark. As Konohamaru failed to report from his mission, Naruto contacted Boruto's team at theScientific Ninja Weapons Team's lab, who were nearest to Konohamaru's last reported location. He instructed them to search the area but be careful and not recklessly engage any foes. While Shikamaru reminded him that Team Konohamaru were all very capable for their age, Naruto insisted that he was more concerned about the possibility of them running into the organisationKaraas Konohamaru's mission was to investigate a mysterious airship. Main article:Kawaki ArcWhen Team 7 returned with news of Mugino's demise at the hands ofAo, who was in leagues with Kara, they also revealed a boy with ties to Kara namedKawaki. In the anime, he was detained at theAdvanced Technology Research Institutein Ryūtan City, prompting Naruto and Sai to go immediately and meet the boy. On the train ride, Sai noted that it was risky to take such a mysterious boy back to the village. Naruto understood Sai's fear, knowing that Kara's desire of the boy could lead to the village becoming a battlefield again. Upon arriving in the station, they learned that Kawaki escaped and was on a rampage. Before Naruto and Sai could act, they met with Boruto and Sumire, the latter insisted to not hurt Kawaki. She noted that Kawaki's rampage stemmed from emotional scars due to his troubled past. Taking Sumire's words to heart, Naruto stopped Kawaki's passively, subduing him until he tired himself out and collapsed. Naruto comforts Kawaki. Naruto decided he was most suitable to monitor Kawaki, and held a Kage Summit to discuss the situation. Following the unanimous agreement from other Kage with Naruto, he took the boy to his house, during which he foiled Kawaki's attempts at fleeing. There, Kawaki attempting to escape, but Naruto intimidated him into submission. His escape attempt resulted in Himawari's vase being destroyed. Naruto intervened when Boruto and Kawaki began fighting, and later overheard Kawaki speaking of his hardship as a result of his Kāma. Afterwards, Naruto took Kawaki toYamanaka Flowersto pick a new vase, where he hugged Kawaki after he had a panic attack. Sometime later, Naruto and Boruto sparred; he defeated his son, even while Boruto used his Kāma. Naruto offered for Kawaki to try sparring with Boruto next time, but Kawaki declined as he couldn't use chakra, prompting Naruto to insist that all can learn to do so and that having strong rivals will help one in accomplishing great things. Later, Boruto decided to take Kawaki's offer of learning what he knows about their Kāma. Deciding to do so through sparring, the two children quickly activated their respective marks. While Boruto kept up in hand-to-hand combat, Kawaki's usage of his modified body put Boruto on the defensive. Kawaki then launched a blast at Naruto with the intent of him absorbing it like previously, only for Boruto to instead damage his hand. Naruto called off the match and told the two to perform the Seal of Reconciliation. The event made their marks react and caused Boruto's hand to instantly heal. Before pushing the subject, Naruto was alerted of an intruder. Naruto told his son to take Himawari away while he stayed with Kawaki, certain that the intruder was after Kawaki. His assumption proved correct as they were quickly met byDelta. She demanded Naruto hand over Kawaki to her, and Kawaki confirmed her identity as an Inner from Kara. Naruto instructed Boruto to protect Himawari and Kawaki to protect himself. Naruto fighting Delta. Fighting her, Naruto initially outperformed her with taijutsu, but she began making use of her shinobi-ware to launch sneak attacks and absorb his Rasengan. Naruto entered his Six Paths Sage Mode, but Delta was eventually able to stab him and pin him down. He tried to discern her motives for wanting Kawaki, but she saw through his deception, and noticed he was already healing, considering Naruto to be a monster as well. While Naruto was continually forced to hold back in fear of the spectators' safety, he continued to gradually wear down his foe, leading to Delta using her Destruction Beam against Naruto to combat his regenerative ability. Eventually, Delta targets Himawari, leading to Naruto blocking the attack with his body, but is uninjured as Kawaki sacrificed his right arm to block the attack. Enraged at her tactics, Naruto resumed the fight and quickly overwhelmed her. Naruto, having seen her return his Rasengan that she absorbed, deduces that there was a limit to how much chakra her eyes can absorb since the chakra or attack had to be stored somewhere in her body rather than dissipating and vanishing, prompting him to overpower and defeat Delta with hisSuper-Ultra-Big Ball Rasengan. Defeated, Delta's body self-destructed, forcing Naruto to flee the vicinity with the children. Naruto training Kawaki. Later, when bringing Kawaki to Katasuke to repair Kawaki's arm, the scientist informed him that the technology in Kawaki's body was too advanced for him to handle. Finding an alternate solution, Naruto gave Kawaki one of his prosthetic arms and channelled some of his chakra into Kawaki to make it work. Shocked at how sincere Naruto was at being nice, Kawaki asked to learn ninjutsu, which Naruto agreed to and began training him. Quite a while after Delta's defeat, while Naruto and Kawaki were at his house, he notices Kawaki in distress, resulting in his Kāma creating a portal which Jigen emerged from. Wanting to take his son back, Naruto attempted to attack him but was repelled away and impaled by chakra draining rods. Activating his chakra mode, Naruto kicks Jigen away from Kawaki. Jigen then proceeded to activate his Kāma. Fearing for the Hokage's safety, with Jigen's power entirely above Delta's and capable of either killing or severely injuring Naruto, Kawaki stepped in and submitted, agreeing to back willingly with Jigen if he spared Naruto. While Jigen agreed to the terms, Naruto refused to comply. Jigen responded by teleporting himself and Naruto to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke facing Jigen. As Jigen attempted to strand Naruto there, he was attacked and stopped by Sasuke. Being away from Konoha and free to fight with all their power, the pair engaged in battle with Jigen, leading to Sasuke deducing their opponent's fighting style involved shrinking himself and his rods. Pressuring Jigen, the Kara member taped into his Kāma and grew a horn. Upon seeing Jigen's development, Sasuke revealed how he resembled anunknownŌtsutsuki member, and that Jigen had ties with a juvenile Ten-Tails. As Sasuke also revealed that Jigen's goal was to drain the entire planet of all its chakra, the two shinobi decided to fight with their full power. Despite their strong avatar forms and team-work, Jigen ploughed through their defences. As he swiftly wore down and pummelled his foes, he restrained the pair with rods and decided to keep Naruto alive because of Kurama in him while killing Sasuke due to his Rinnegan's Space-Time Ninjutsu. Accepting the truth, Naruto had his clones hold off Jigen while he convinced Sasuke to escape despite his friend's protests. Jigen revealed that he was after Boruto Uzumaki for his Kāma and sealed Naruto in a giant pot which he shrunk, leaving Naruto trapped within the foreign dimension. Afterwards,Borostood guard over the pot, during which Boruto and Kawaki used their Kama totransportNaruto's unconscious body out before killing the Kara member. Returning to Konoha, they were all taken to the hospital for treatment. As Naruto made a quick recovery, he was impressed to hear of the genin's work, and joked that rebellious genin seemed to still be a thing. In the anime, they discussed the recent events. Kawaki informed them that each member of Kara was modified with Shinobi-Ware, granting them abilities besides ninjutsu. After everyone else left, Shikamaru discussed with Naruto on how best to deal with Kawaki, as his Kāma acted as a direct path to Konoha at any time for Kara. Upon learning of Boro's cult, Naruto assigned Sai and Konohamaru to investigate, hoping to discover new information on the new whereabouts of Kara's Ten-Tails. They returned and reported Boro's scheme for getting new cultists and using them as subjects for Kara's Vessel experiments, as well as that despite her defeat to Naruto, Delta was somehow still active, having destroyed the cult's base. Naruto interrogates Amado. Later, Naruto was informed by Ino of Shikadai being taken hostage byAmado. Though he wished to speak to Shikamaru, he was glad to learn of Naruto's rescue, and revealed he wished to defect to Konoha, offering intel on Kara, Jigen, their Ten-Tails, and the Ōtsutsuki. After Naruto gave his word as Hokage to not go back on the deal provided his intel was good, Amado began explaining all he knew. He revealed that how the Ōtsutsuki have since before recorded history been travelling from planet to planet, harvesting its chakra for the sake of evolving itself while destroying the planet in the process, using the Ten-Tails for the process. He revealed that Jigen himself was turned into an Ōtsutsuki from being branded by his Kāma of Isshiki. Amado also revealed to have sabotaged the blimp to free Kawaki and likewise ensure that Sasuke would get the intel of Isshiki. Amado's glasses began beeping. His glasses were taken off, revealing a holographic projection of Jigen talking with his accompliceKoji Kashinintended to kill Jigen. As Naruto was intrigued by Koji's techniques and battle tactics, Amado insisted that Naruto accept his request to officially join Konohagakure with full amnesty and protection in order to hear more of his secrets, which Naruto agreed. Amado carried on his explanation, sharing what he knew of Jigen, the Ōtsutsuki, and Kāma. He stressed how a full rebirth of the Ōtsutsuki must be avoided, and claimed he'd teach them how to kill an Ōtsutsuki. When Jigen's death triggered Isshiki's resurrection in his body, Amado explained this also erased Kawaki's Kāma to avoid duplicates, leading Shikamaru to realise that without any remaining Kāma, Isshiki was vulnerable to a permanent death. Naruto halts Isshiki's search. After Amado was officially made a citizen of Konohagakure, made aware of his rights and limitations, he warned them of Isshiki's immediate focus on rebranding Kawaki. He advised Naruto against taking the fight to Isshiki, and stressed that had to protect Kawaki against being rebranded. Naruto took his advice and ordered a civilian evacuation, as Isshiki would seek Kawaki in Konoha. Naruto was against Boruto staying to fight him, but where interrupted by an alert of Isshiki's arrival. Naruto ordered Boruto to join the evacuation as he went to confront Isshiki. Isshiki was surprised to see Naruto had escaped, but demanded for Kawaki. When Naruto refused, Isshiki began shrinking various targets in the village to destroy it. Naruto activated hisSix Paths Sage Mode, but Isshiki easily overpowered him. Sasuke soon joined the fight, levelling the battlefield. He then launched his sword at Isshiki. As Isshiki attempted to shrink it, it was revealed to Borutotransformed. As Naruto was horrified by his son's arrival, Boruto activated hisKāma,teleportinghimself and Isshiki to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke followed through the latter's Rinnegan. As the Konoha-nin faced down Isshiki, he decided the best way to get Kawaki was to present Sasuke and Naruto's corpses to the village. The fight quickly resumed, with Naruto and Sasuke's team-work managing to push Isshiki on the defence as he began shrinking all their attacks. Quickly however, Isshiki demonstrated a new technique, manifesting and manipulatingmassive black cubesthat separated the duo. Naruto overwhelming Isshiki. Realising he was running out of options, Kurama asked Naruto if he was really willing to sacrifice himself to stop Isshiki. Naruto confirmed it, and Kurama offered a last-ditch strategy which would have a high risk of death from using it. Accepting his duties as Hokage, Naruto faced Isshiki and took on a new form ofBaryon Mode. Kurama explained to Naruto that the form is like nuclear fusion, consuming all their respective energy and that he must be careful not to make any unnecessary movements or thoughts. The new form baffled everyone with its sheer power. Naruto quickly began overwhelming Isshiki, constantly countering and dodging the foes various assaults. Soon after, the strain of Baryon Mode began catching up as Naruto began to tire. Kurama noted this form gradually drains away all life-forces, including Naruto's. However, it would also drain Isshiki's with each contact, meaning they just had to keep pressuring Isshiki until his already diminished lifespan ran out. As Isshiki began getting desperate, he took advantage of Naruto's chakra connection to Kawaki through the latter's prosthetic arm. From this, he teleported Kawaki to them with the goal of rebranding Kawaki before his time ran out. As Kawaki tried to escape Isshiki, he opted to use Kawaki's love for Naruto against him, assaulting the downed Hokage. Despite Naruto's insistence that Kawaki forget about him, Kawaki ultimately showed himself and attacked using the ninjutsu Naruto taught him. Isshiki easily negated it and branded Kawaki again, only for it to be revealed as a shadow clone. Naruto watches Kurama's life fade away. Finally, Isshiki's time ran out and he crumbled to dust. Sasuke then asked Naruto about his new power, but before he could answer, Boruto, being controlled byMomoshiki, suddenly stabbed Sasuke's left eye. Naruto attempted to help fighting Momoshiki, but collapsed, feeling heavy as lead, and passed out. Inside his subconscious, Naruto had a final conversation with Kurama. He told the kitsune that he had no ill will to Kurama despite the loss of his parents. As Naruto was prepared to die and voiced his concerns for the village, Kurama revealed that Naruto would awake soon and fine, as it was Kurama's life that was gambled from using Baryon Mode. Kurama assured Naruto that it never actually lied to Naruto, but knew the Hokage wouldn't risk Kurama's own life so he hid the truth. As Kurama's life began to fade, it warned Naruto that he would lose all access to Kurama's chakra and abilities, meaning he would have to be more careful from now on. Naruto desperately reached out for Kurama before waking up to see Boruto, Sasuke, and Kawaki standing over him. Naruto comforts Boruto over his Kāma. With Sasuke's Rinnegan and Kawaki's Kāma gone, it was up to Boruto to use his mark to bring everyone back with aid from Kawaki. Upon returning to the village, Naruto was relieved. In the anime, shortly after returning, Naruto was examined by Sakura and Katasuke for any remaining traces of Kurama's essence and capacities. The tests found nothing, confirming that Kurama's death would considerably drop Naruto's abilities and fighting potential. Naruto admitted that Kurama's power had felt like cheating, and despite the void left behind, he chose not to wallow on it, believing that Kurama would make fun of him over it. Afterwards, Naruto received confirmation that Boruto's Kāma was accelerating, and decided to inform Boruto himself. He vowed to do everything in his power to save Boruto. When Kawaki returned his prosthetic hand, having his natural one restored by Amado, Naruto offered to make him a genin. Main article:Chūnin Re-Examination Arc Naruto attending the chūnin ceremony. In the anime, Naruto had the Chūnin Exam that Momoshiki interrupted reorganised, as a way to boost morale and promote more capable chūnin. Naruto acted as a proctor during the second portion of the exams, evaluating the genin's abilities. During the final exam, Naruto invited Kawaki to attended, and watched the matches alongside Sai and Shikamaru. Commentating on the matches, Naruto and Shikamaru agreed that Boruto and Mitsuki would be disqualified for being late to their match. After the event, he asked Kawaki what he thought, leading to him expressing interest in becoming a genin. Later, after assigning Konohamaru and Mirai a mission, Naruto allowed Konohamaru students to assist him when Mirai returned to the village alone and injured. After Team 7 succeeded in their mission, Naruto hosted the promotion ceremony for the new chūnin, assigning them as captains of their teams. As Naruto decided to test Kawaki for qualification as a shinobi, Shikamaru voiced his concerns, feeling that his modified body would be a prime target for enemies to go after. Naruto however insisted that for Kawaki to grow, he needed to experience the outside world and make friends who could protect him. Because Kawaki fared poorly in D-rank missions with different teams, lacking team-work, Shikamaru deemed him unfit for being a shinobi. He and Naruto agreed to assign him a C-rank escort mission with Team 10 as a final chance to qualify as a genin. Konohamaru arrived and handed him intel on a recently discovered dead body. They wondered about a connection with five other similar incidents in other countries. They determined there was a connection, as all of them were from the Land of Calm Seas. As Team 10 was escorting a client there, Naruto sent Team 7 as backup, as they were out in a mission nearby. At the end of the mission, Boruto reported to Naruto how the Calm Seas Daimyō was exploiting his people. While Naruto couldn't directly interfere, he could send a medical team as a form of aid relief. Later, Kawaki asked for another chance to prove himself, but Naruto revealed that based on Shikadai's report, he passed the exam, and would take missions as a genin under him. Main article:Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure ArcIn the anime, the Land of Water faced a civil war against theFunato Clan.Team 5andTeam 7accidentally found themselves caught in it. Aiding Kirigakure, the genin were able to help end the war peacefully. Upon the genin's return to Konohagakure, Naruto informed them of the aftermath from Chōjūrō. As Boruto asked about the fate of his new friendIkada Funato, a ship-builder who was drawn to the war after hissister'sdeath. Kawaki voiced that he deserved punishment as an enemy commander. Boruto insisted that Ikada was a good person and was key in ending the war. As Kawaki stormed off annoyed at Boruto, Naruto approached Boruto, commending him for his efforts in the war and sympathising with Boruto's new view. He encouraged Boruto to make up with Kawaki. Naruto soon after found the two boys instead coming to blows with each other. Naruto cheerfully watched the fight until the two collapsed against each other. Working off their aggression, the two put aside their differences. Naruto approached them, telling Boruto about Ikada's lenient punishment of surveillance underKajiki's care. Naruto treated them to some ramen. Naruto and his family on vacation. Naruto later went on a family vacation to a hot spring inn that Himawari won in a raffle, sending Konohamaru in his place to the filming of the next Kagemasa movie where he was to make a guest appearance and use the Rasengan on the climax. At the inn, he and Hinata beat Boruto and Kawaki at ping-pong due to their superior team-work. Naruto later lost to Himawari at a card matching game, and assured Kawaki he was part of the family. Main article:Kawaki & Himawari Academy ArcIn the anime, Naruto and Shikamaru assigned Kawaki a secret mission, to protect PrincessKae Yukiwarifrom theLand of Bamboowhile she attended the Academy as an exchange student. They explained that Kae's father discovered an assassination plot targeting his daughter, and sent her there while he investigated the matter domestically, Kae herself unaware of the threat. Naruto picked Kawaki because of his lower profile with the public, and offered some advice on how to connect with the students. Naruto gave a speech during the opening ceremony, and was later pleased by Kawaki's report of having befriended Kae. He also felt that Kawaki had something to learn from attending the Academy, despite his advanced fighting skills. Following a terrorist attack on the Academy that served as a diversion for an attempt on Kae's life, Konoha leadership learned that Kawaki didn't report the possibility of an attack, and removed him from the mission. Naruto told Kawaki to stay home until further notice. However, Kawaki later thwarted another attempt on Kae's life, and Naruto informed him that it allowed Batora to report his investigation and arrest theLand of Bamboo's ministeras the mastermind behind the plot. While reviewing background files,Hana Kakawas discovered to hail from the Land of Bamboo, leading to the full uncovering of the plot against Kae. After other conspirators were arrested by Sai and Team 25, Sai, Shikamaru, and Kawaki reported the events to Naruto. Naruto was amenable to Hana's wish to merely suppress her assassin personality in order to teach her to live for more than just her mission. Her wish to maybe one day be friends with it reminded him of his history with Kurama. Naruto was glad that Kawaki's time in the Academy helped him grow, and he was later pleased by how engrossed Himawari was with the Academy, despite still not having decided whether she wanted to be a shinobi or not. Main article:Code's Assault Arc Naruto, Sai, and Shikamaru talking about Code's movements. Later, Naruto and Shikamaru decided to indefinitely take Boruto off active-duty while deciding on how to deal with his Kāma, helping him pass time with various interviews from the media about his victory over Isshiki. After Amado finished restoring Kawaki's arm, he talked to Naruto about the remaining Kara-threats including their Ten-Tails seed as well asCode, who would inevitably seek out and kill all who were responsible for Isshiki's death. Hearing such a threat, Naruto requested Shikamaru to set up a Kage Summit. During the Kage meeting, they discussed Code, Amado's trustworthiness, and the issue of Momoshiki taking over Boruto, to which Naruto swore to handle it should the need arise. He later approached Amado to deal with Boruto's Kāma. He provided him with pills he developed as a means to defeat Jigen. As the Byakugan originates with the Ōtsutsuki, he theorised that weakening it might interfere with the Kāma's progress. As Boruto was given the pills and explained the nature of them, Naruto was horrified at how recklessly Boruto decided to take them. Later, Naruto and Konohamaru watched the Team 7 and Kawaki training together. Naruto declares that Kawaki is his son. Later, Naruto found Kawaki moping about his lack of acceptance in the village. Naruto brought him back home, where a welcome dinner party was held for Kawaki. Naruto and his family made it clear that he was welcomed to stay as long as he desired. Naruto further insisted that this was the very reason he became Hokage. While Kawaki was taking magazines out to the trash, Naruto dozed off on the dinner table. When Boruto discovered Kawaki's ruse to avoid surveillance, he exposed it to Naruto, who confirmed it with Nishi as Kawaki released his shadow clone. He notified Ino and Shikamaru of the development, and was against Boruto leaving to find Kawaki, as he was under surveillance for the same reason and returned to discussing the search with Ino. When Ino determined it was futile to search through sensing, Naruto thought back to Boruto's words and searched for him, and confirmed with Nishi he was nowhere nearby. Naruto rescues Kawaki. Using Sage Mode, Naruto was able to locate Boruto and Kawaki, alongside anunknown individual. Hinata attempted to join him, but he stressed she had to take care of Himawari if something happened to him. As Naruto left two shadow clones on standby to store up more senjutsu chakra, Shikamaru arrived, refusing to let Naruto leave the village against the threat without him since the Hokage now no longer had Kurama for additional power. Shikamaru reminded Naruto that he cannot maintain Sage Mode for long anymore, but Naruto insisted that he can maintain it longer on his own drawing from years of experience. They arrive in time to save Kawaki from having his arm broken by Momoshiki, who had taken over Boruto again. Naruto checked on Kawaki, who begged him to flee, fearing his death. Naruto refused to abandon anyone. Code took Shikamaru hostage, who in turn told Naruto to ignore him and attack. Momoshiki decided to help Code killing Naruto, who was also a problem for him, and attacked with anUltra-Big Ball Rasengan. He was surprised to see Kawaki absorbing the jutsu with a new Kāma. Naruto continued to watch in disbelief as Kawaki began attacking Momoshiki with no restraint, displaying Isshiki's jutsu in the process. Eventually, Naruto intervened, as Kawaki's attacked would have killed Boruto. He tried to reason with Kawaki, who remained committed to killing Momoshiki. Boruto managed to hold back Momoshiki's personality for a moment, and pushed Naruto out of the way, allowing Kawaki to strike through his chest. Code opted to leave and released Shikamaru. While Kawaki was overwhelming Code, he pulled Daemon through the Claw Mark of his face, reflecting Kawaki's attack and knocking him out before leaving. Shikamaru tried to snap Naruto out of his stupor, and began to consider how to deal with Kawaki, arguing with Naruto, who still wanted to support Kawaki. He was stunned when Boruto woke up, his injuries completely healed. Main article:Omnipotence ArcAfter everyone returned to the village, Naruto kept watch over Kawaki as Shikamaru had Sumire examine him. They and Ibiki discussed how to handle Kawaki, and Naruto intended to have a long talk with Kawaki when he wakes up. Sumire noticed the heavy atmosphere around Naruto and asked Shikamaru about it. He claimed Naruto was just exhausted from almost being killed. When Kawaki woke up, he asked Naruto if he'd condemn him for killing Boruto. Naruto revealed Boruto was fine because of his Kāma. He added was grateful that Kawaki was there, otherwise they might all have died, and that Boruto felt the same. As Naruto reassured him that he belonged in Konoha and was family, Ino alerted him of Code andAda's invasion. Naruto feigned a previous appointment and left after confirming that Boruto was fine to a startled Sumire. After Code and Ada left taking Amado with them, Naruto listened as Shikamaru explained Ada's alluring ability and speculated on the other cyborg that Code employed in his battle the previous night. When Kawaki acted callous when considering Amado's possible death and deriding Shikamaru, Naruto censored him. As Shikamaru briefed Team 7 on their new surveillance mission living with Ada and Daemon, Naruto discussed it with Sasuke, explaining how Shikamaru managed to covertly control Boruto and Kawaki into acting more cautiously by entrusting them with responsibility in the form of a mission. When Naruto noticed Sasuke noticing something, Sasuke dismissed it. After Ada and Daemon departed for their new home, Naruto joined Shikamaru in getting Amado to share everything he was still keeping secret. He listened as Amado explained theshinjutsunature of Ada's and Daemon's abilities, their origins inShibai Ōtsutsuki's remains, and Amado's goal of using Kawaki's Kāma to resurrect his daughterAkebi. When Shikamaru asked Ada to confirm Amado's claims with herSenrigan, Naruto found it a bit excessive. He was satisfied with Amado's goal, and decided he wouldn't interfere in his matters with Kawaki if it didn't endanger Konoha. Naruto agreed to Ada's request to call it a day, as they had just arrived in the village. While preparing for dinner with Hinata, they were joined by Kawaki, who asked Naruto not to inform the sensors of his presence. Naruto listened as Kawaki reiterated how much he changed because of Naruto, and how he came to think that shinobi and good people like Naruto would be the first to die in any conflict with Ōtsutsuki. When Kawaki said he'd eliminate all the Ōtsutsuki to protect Naruto, including Boruto, Naruto refused to let Kawaki do this. Not wanting to hurt Naruto, nor let him get in the way, Kawaki sent Naruto and Hinata away withDaikokuten, where they'd be suspended in time, unable to think, and requiring no air or sustenance. Naruto and Hinata trapped in Kawaki's dimension. For the next three years, Naruto and Hinata remained unconscious and frozen in time within Daikokuten's dimension, where Kawaki could visit them. Due to Kawaki andAda'sactions, Boruto was accused for killing the Hokage, with details of his absence not being public knowledge outside of Konoha,[161]and the incident angrily upsetting the village's citizens.[162] In the wake of Konoha's destruction four years after theŌtsutsukiattack on the village,KawakitellsBorutothat he will send him to where he sent the Seventh Hokage. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of SnowTeam 7is dispatched to theLand of Snowto protect the lead actressKoyuki Kazahana, during the shooting of the new Princess Gale movie. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of GelelNaruto, Sakura and Shikamaru are sent to track and bring a ferret back to its owner. However, when the group is attacked by mysterious soldiers, they embark on to something big. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Guardians of the Crescent Moon KingdomNaruto, Sakura, Rock Lee and Kakashi are assigned to protect the future prince of theLand of the Moon,Hikaru Tsuki. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the MovieNaruto is assigned to protect the priestessShion, who starts having visions of his death. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: BondsA group of ninja from theLand of the Skylaunched a surprise attack on Konoha and to stop this new threat, Naruto and Sasuke join forces. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of FireTeam Kakashiworks together to stop Kakashi from sacrificing himself to stop a world war. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Lost TowerNaruto is sent on a mission to stopMukade. However, during the mission Naruto is sent 20 years into the past. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Blood PrisonNaruto gets framed for the attempted assassination of the Raikage. In his subsequent attempts to break out of theprison, he gradually discovers the prison's dark secrets. Main article:Road to Ninja: Naruto the MovieNaruto and Sakura end up in an alternate reality in a test version of ProjectEye of the Moon Planwhere Naruto never lost his parents and many characters have different personalities. Main article:List of video gamesAs the main character of the series, Naruto is a playable character in everyNarutovideo game. As the series has progressed, Naruto has become playable in various forms, often with different move-sets for each. New video game-exclusive forms are also available at times, such as a version of Naruto wearingMight Guy's jump suit, a version wearingSon Gokū's Turtle School Uniform, Naruto fromShippū! Konoha Gakuen Den!, and ""Mecha-Naruto."" The video games also put some extra emphasis on his taijutsu; most of the time Naruto in the past fights akin to a brawler; while in his incarnation fromThe Last: Naruto the Movie, he instead fights more like a hand-to-hand boxer. Naruto is featured in the online game,Fortnite, in his Part II outfit as a playable skin. Main article:Live Spectacle NarutoKoudai Matsuoka plays as Naruto in this stage play adaption. When creating Naruto,Masashi Kishimotoincorporated into the character a number of traits he felt made an ideal hero: a straightforward way of thinking, a mischievous side, and many of the attributes possessed bySon Gokūfrom theDragon Ballfranchise. He also made sure to keep Naruto ""simple and stupid,"" since he does not like smart characters. Naruto himself is not modeled after anyone in particular, being conceived as childlike, with something of a dark side as a result of his harsh past. Despite this, he is always positive, making him unique in Kishimoto's eyes. The first version of Naruto that Masashi Kishimoto drew. Naruto's wardrobe is based on clothing Kishimoto wore when he was younger; according to Kishimoto, using a pre-existing design would not have made Naruto unique, whereas something original would have made him stand out too much. The orange colouring of his costume is used to make Naruto ""pop,"" with blues often being used to complement the orange. Because Naruto is associated with spirals, swirl patterns are incorporated into his costume. Initial illustrations of Naruto had him wearing boots, but Kishimoto substituted these for sandals, because he likes drawing toes. The goggles that Naruto used to wear were also replaced with a forehead protector, because the goggles themselves were too time-consuming to draw. Kishimoto said that he felt glad that his character had blond hair and blue eyes. The editor ofShōnen Jumpin the United States added that Kishimoto implied that the traits may have led the character to appeal to a Western audience. Kishimoto said that he most identifies with Naruto out of all of theNarutocharacters (in an interview with the U.S.Shōnen Jump, Kishimoto stated that his childhood was like that of Naruto's years while he was enrolled in the Academy). Naruto's appearances throughout the series. In the Japanese versions ofNaruto, Naruto often ends his sentences with the addendum ""-ttebayo"" (which gives a similar effect to ending a sentence with ""you know?""). Kishimoto wanted to give Naruto a childlike catchphrase, and ""dattebayo"" came to mind. It complemented Naruto's character, and served as a verbal tic that showed him to be something of a brat. Throughout the beginning of the Englishanime, the dub replaced ""dattebayo"" and ""-ttebayo"" with the phrase ""believe it!"" to mirror the effect, as well as to match the character's lip movements. See also:Dattebayo and Believe It","In Part I, Naruto wore an orange and blue jacket with a white collar, a white swirl with a tassel on the left side, and a red Uzumaki crest on the back. He also wore orange pants with a shuriken holster on his right knee, blue sandals, and a blueforehead protector, given to him by Iruka after graduating from the Academy. In Part II, Naruto wears a more form fitting outfit after wearing out his original one while training with Jiraiya,[55]with a T-shirt or mesh armour underneath. While retaining the swirls and orange pants, the blue pieces of his outfit changes to black: his forehead protector (which is now longer), sandals, and orange jacket, the black colour showing more prominence than the blue did originally. During his battle with Pain, Naruto briefly wore a short-sleeved red coat with a black flame pattern around the hem and carried a large scroll on his back. Naruto lost his right arm after theFourth Shinobi World War, though it is later replaced by a fully manoeuvrable prosthetic arm made ofHashirama Senju's cells, wrapped completely in bandages. InThe Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto grew again to be one of the tallest of his graduating class, cut his hair short, and wore a black elastic forehead protector. Over his pants and sandals, he wears a black uniform jacket with an orange zipper and buttons on the waist and sleeves, which can be folded up at times. He has a red armband with an Uzumaki crest on his left arm. After becoming Hokage, Naruto dons a garment similar to his father's: a white cape that has a red flame pattern around the hem, is held together by a red rope, and has the kanji for ""Seventh Hokage"" (七代目火影,Nanadaime Hokage) written vertically down the back. Underneath this, he wears an orange sweatshirt with black stripes (reverse in the manga version ofBoruto: Naruto Next Generations), black pants and sandals. He occasionally wears the traditionalHokageheadpiece, but has stopped wearing a forehead protector. Naruto's combined senjutsu and tailed beast influence over his trademark techniques. Originally, Naruto was a rather inept ninja, failing to graduate from theAcademythree times. Through sheer determination and training however, his skills rapidly improved to defeat stronggeninlikeNeji Hyūga,Gaara, andKabuto Yakushi, earning acknowledgement from all theSanninfor his potential.[56]Under various tutelage, Naruto was able todefeatvarious membersofAkatsuki, ultimately earning praise from Konohagakure as a Hokage-material hero.[57]Naruto's personally defeated various reincarnatedKage[58]andjinchūrikiduring the Fourth Shinobi World War,[59]with many believing he was the central key to winning the battle.[60][61][62]By adulthood, his prowess made him the Seventh Hokage, regarded as the strongest shinobi in history[63]and having command of overwhelmingjutsu.[64]With the combined might ofSasuke Uchiha, noted as his only rival in power,[38]they are said to be able to destroy the world.[65]Together, they overpoweredMomoshiki ŌtsutsukiwhoabsorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki, and pushedJigen's body to its limit. Overall, he could compete against if not defeat world-threatening opponents, such asObito Uchiha,Madara Uchiha,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, andToneri Ōtsutsuki, as well as fighting at hisabsolute peakmanaged to overwhelmIsshiki Ōtsutsuki. Naruto sharing Kurama's chakra through physical contact. As anUzumakiand areincarnationofAsura Ōtsutsuki,[66]Naruto has massive reserves of strongchakra. Even as a child, he had at least four times the amount of a seasonedJōninlikeKakashi Hatake,[67]and described byKarinas ""bright and warm"".[68]Additionally, whenMinatosealedKuramawithin Naruto as an infant, he constructedthesealin a way that allowed a portion of the fox's immense chakra to naturally mix with Naruto's chakra over time.[69][70]His initial poor control of it was offset by his sheer reserves,[71]which were large enough to endure three and a half days of constant battle against several powerful opponents. Only by the end of his battle against Sasuke did he show exhaustion, and even then could still fight to a standstill and eventual victory.[72]Naruto's control improved greatly over time; able totransfer his chakrato others,[73]and perform one-handed hand seals.[74]Being an Uzumaki, Naruto's powerful life-force grants him an extreme longevity, healing power, stamina, and vitality;[75]this allowed him to survive the extraction of a tailed beast, though he required aid fromSakura Harunoto stay alive.[76]Naruto also learned how to countergenjutsufromJiraiya, but his ability to do so is limited.[77]In adulthood, Naruto's chakra is powerful enough to intimidate Kawaki into submission[78]and destroy high-level barriers simply by releasing a burst of it.[79]He could repelShikamaru Nara'sShadow Imitation Technique, a feat that no one else could do.[65]His chakra, when he combined it with hisson'sVanishing Rasengan, turned it into a giganticUltra-Big Ball Rasenganable to kill theempoweredMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiwho tried to use acopyof the technique to defeat his.[80]His chakra reserves were also so vast that he was able to overloadDelta'sAbsorbing Eyewith acontinuousRasengan-assault and still primed to defeat her.[81] Naruto attacking Gaara with his Naruto Uzumaki Two Thousand Combo. While naturally a short-range fighter, Naruto originally was inept attaijutsu, requiring unpredictable attacks to surprise combat experts likeKiba Inuzukaand Neji Hyūga.[82][83]He often utilised shadow clones in large if not massive numbers to simply overwhelm his foes.[84]Although these tactics resumed later, Naruto becomes much more adept at taijutsu due to Jiraiya's training.[85]AfterFukasaku's tutelage, he could fend off a pair of expert kenjutsu users.[86][87][88]Two years after the war, Naruto's taijutsu prowess could best dozens of opponents without shadow clones or enhancements.[21]As Hokage, his taijutsu could pressure Momoshiki after he had absorbedKinshiki Ōtsutsuki.[80]Naruto could even hold off Delta despite herextreme body modifications, ultimately controlling the pace of the battle to tire her out and gradually overwhelm her[89]to win despite being in the defensive.[81]His speed had also increased to the point where he could effortlessly catch up withKawakiafter he tried to escape from Naruto.[78]Likewise, in the anime, he is proven very resilient, able to take a point-blank blast from Kawaki's modifications unfazed.[90] Naruto's prototype Absorbing Hand. After losing his right arm during his final battle with Sasuke,Tsunadecultured an artificial prosthesis for him using the cells ofHashirama Senju. As his body and the prosthesis arms are only connected through his chakra itself he can easily remove and replace them.[91]After Momoshiki's defeat, Naruto took inspiration from hischakra absorption techniqueand hadKatasuke Tōnoand theScientific Ninja Weapons Teammodifiy the arm further with mechanical features. With it, Naruto is able toneutralise and even absorbenemy techniques, though they have yet to replicate Momoshiki's ability to discharge them as a counterattack.[91] Main articles:Jinchūriki Forms,Nine-Tails Chakra ModeandBaryon Mode Naruto's Version 1 form. Originally as thejinchūrikiofKurama's Yang half, Naruto had access to massive reserves of exceptionally powerful chakra, which was at least a hundredfold greater than Kakashi's.[67]These chakra levels were increased even further when the Yin half of Kurama was reunited with the Yang half inside of Naruto. Due to his inheriting hismother's unique chakra capacities and being Kurama's jinchūriki for essentially his entire life, Naruto's chakra had become naturally compatible with the fox's,[92]allowing him to perform several chakra-taxing techniques unhindered. Originally, he could only access Kurama's chakra in times of great anger. It enhanced Naruto's abilities, but the fox's negative influence made Naruto more aggressive. While essentially remaining himself when accessing aVersion 1state, manifesting four tails would triggerVersion 2state, which made him lose control and would gradually turn into even moreferalforms, requiring outside assistance to suppress Kurama's power and regain control, prompting him to avoid relying on the fox's power whenever possible. By the end of the Fourth Great Shinobi War, he could access his Version 1 form without any loss in his mentality.[93] Naruto transforming from his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode into his Kurama Mode. Realising he could not avoid using Kurama's power, Naruto sought to control it with help fromKiller B, a jinchūriki who had fully mastered the power ofGyūki. Upon succeeding and taking most of Kurama's chakra, Naruto attained theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, which greatly increased his physical parameters. Naruto can also detectnegative emotionsin this mode, and useTailed Beast Chakra Armsfrom any part of his body as he pleases, as well as formTailed Beast Ballsfrom them. As he didn't have Kurama's cooperation, Naruto needed to exercise extreme caution while using the form, as the chakra exchange could cost him his life. Eventually, when Kurama acknowledged Naruto's life-long strength of character and Naruto learned the fox's true name, their new-found friendship granted Naruto access to itsfull power, which further increased his physical parameters and with no drawbacks. This also increased his resilience to such degrees to the point where he could survive theTen-Tails'Tenpenchiiand endure Toneri'sGolden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion— which was able to cut theMoonin half — with no visible signs of damage. This cooperation of Kurama also provides Naruto with an immediate resistance fromgenjutsu. Two years later, he couldstoreKurama's chakra within his arm to deliver powerful punches capable of creating massive craters on the Moon and depower Toneri from hisTenseigan Chakra Modeto his normal state, as well as block the latter's Golden Wheel Reincarnation Explosion. Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode. Failing to transform into a replica of Kurama at first, Naruto instead achieved aTailed Beast Modein the unique form of a life-sized transparent avatar of chakra. In it, he could createTailed Beast Ballsand revitalise the life-forces of any he touches physically or with the avatar,[94][95]heal nearly any wounds,[38]or grant them temporarily chakra-cloaks.[96]After he became the jinchūriki of Kurama's complete self, Naruto is able to manifest the demon fox outside himself for a period akin to summoning, allowing both to fight as separate entities. During the endgame of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Naruto received chakra from the other tailed beasts,[97]which greatly increased his chakra reserves even further and allowed him to access their unique abilities himself, such asShukaku'ssandmanipulation,Saiken'ssoap bubble ninjutsuand ability to emitcorrosive liquids,Chōmei'sscale powder, orGyūki'sink creation, and infuse them into his owntechniques. With the infusion of all nine of the tailed beasts' respective chakra inside of him, Naruto has become a medium to connect all the tailed beasts to communicate with each other[98]and made him a human pillar for thepower of the Ten-Tails.[99] Naruto's Baryon Mode. In the most dire of situations, Naruto is able to access a deep level of Kurama's power,Baryon Mode. In this state, his facial features become even more akin to Kurama with nine blazing chakra tails which he can use in a similar manner to Tailed Beast Chakra Arms to catch and bind opponents or objects anddeflect attacks. He also displayed the ability to use these chakra tails to form a protective shield around something or someone.[100]In a process similar tonuclear fusion, Naruto's andKurama's chakra are consumed as raw materials to produce a new type of energy. When in use, it dramatically boosts Naruto's reflexes, raw might, and chakra to such extreme levels, able to surpass Isshiki's capabilities. Because all chakra is connected, the same power that is produced from bits of their lives also work to reduce the lifespan of opponents on contact. Due to its extreme energy consumption, Naruto must remain focused and not waste energy on extraneous thoughts and actions, to maximise the amount of time he can maintain Baryon Mode.[101]The drawback of this form is the high chance of death for Kurama from the extreme strain of this form. Upon Kurama's death from this form, while Naruto was spared the same fate, he lost access to all of Kurama's chakra and abilities.[102] Naruto using the Summoning Technique. In the Academy, theSexy Techniquewas the only technique that Naruto could perform successfully, which had no practical use other than to shock people. Later, he learned more advanced and useful ninjutsu fromJiraiya. This includedsummoningtoadsfrom Mount Myōboku to assist him, and use them tocrushenemies from above. He became skilled inshurikenjutsu, able to throw weapons quickly and with precision.[103]Naruto's repertoire expanded tofūinjutsu, where he couldstorehis weapons within scrolls. His fūinjutsu was further increased upon receivingGerotoranear the start of the Fourth Shinobi World War.[104]In the anime, Jiraiya taught Narutocooperation ninjutsu, combining his techniques with others to create an even more powerful one.[105]The collaboration techniques he performed with other individuals typically utilised his own elemental affinity, such as theTyphoon Water Vortex TechniquewithYamato, theWind Release: Toad GunwithGamatatsu, and theScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zerowith Sasuke. He also learned fromAsuma Sarutobitoflowchakra into his weapons to increase their offensive might.[106]In the anime, by adulthood, Naruto became able to use theShuriken Shadow Clone Technique,[107]and also showed some proficiency with bōjutsu.[108] Naruto using the Multiple Shadow Clone Technique. See also:Images of Naruto using Shadow Clone TechniqueNaruto's first trademark technique was theShadow Clone Technique. While originally failing constantly with a basic illusionary clone, after briefly studying theScroll of Seals, he learned to create shadow clones on amass scale. From then on, Naruto's skill with shadow clones blossomed to great heights. Having unusually high chakra reserves, Naruto could use this technique to create hundreds of shadow clones and retain large amounts of chakra in each one with relative ease.[109]He could use them to outnumber or deceive his enemies, manoeuvre himself in mid-air, transform into weapons, scout areas, or test an opponent's abilities.[110]During his elemental-affinity training, learning that the original will gain all the knowledge and conditioning of a shadow clone right after it dispersed. From this, Naruto can use his mass scale of clones to drastically speed up his training to gain years worth of experience in just days. By the time he became Hokage, Naruto's usage of this technique on mass-scale and prolonged-periods allowed him to constantly perform multiple simultaneous tasks throughout the village daily, although he does have a tendency to overexert himself, leaving him exhausted afterwards. Naruto using the Rasengan. Naruto's second trademark technique is theRasengan. Originally, due to his poor chakra control, Naruto had to use a shadow clone to form the spherical shape while he provided the chakra. Over time, Naruto developedlargerversionsof the Rasengan and learned how to perform it faster.[111]During the Fourth Shinobi World War, he learned to use the Rasengan and its variants unaided with a single hand, or even form one in both hands simultaneously.[112]He also increased the size of his standard Rasengan.[113]Naruto had also shown the ability to release the Rasengan as an energy wave,[21]or as a projectile in the anime.[114]Using senjutsu or Kurama's chakra, Naruto can createmorepowerfulandelaboratevariationsof the Rasengan; using the latter, he even developed theSuper Mini-Tailed Beast Ball, performing it in a similar manner to the Rasengan. In the anime, usage of his tailed beast chakra also allows him to instantly perform massive Rasengan without the aid of his hands and launch in quick successions, similar to aTailed Beast Ball.[115] Naruto simultaneously using Wind and Lava Release. Naruto's natural affinity isWind Release. Using shadow clones, one to form the Rasengan while another infuses the Wind chakra, Naruto could complete difficult task of producing a Rasengan that is the pinnacle of shape and nature transformation, something no one before him could accomplish, including Kakashi and his father. Once adjusting to using theWind Release: Rasenganhe could expand upon it to produce theWind Release: Rasenshuriken. He also createddifferent-sizedvariations, and could even usetwo Rasenshurikensimultaneously. Two years after its creation, he became skilled enough to form a Rasenshuriken without any shadow clones and throw it in his base form,[21]a feat which he previously could only do while using his enhanced modes. After acquiringSix Pathsabilities,[116]Naruto gains access to all five basicnature transformations, as well asYang Release.[117]He could also utilizeYin–Yang Release, making perfect use of it to revitalize life-forces, heal whomever he touches, and restore missing organs.[118]After gaining chakra from the respective tailed beasts, Naruto can also useShukaku'sMagnet Release,Son Gokū'sLava Release, andKokuō'sBoil Release, able to infuse any of the other elements into is normal techniques as seamlessly as with Wind chakra. Having an arm made from Hashirama's cells, Naruto has a possibility to useWood Release.[119] Naruto's Sage Mode. Naruto later trained insenjutsuat Mount Myōboku, which was only possible due to his high chakra reserves. UnlikeJiraiya, he was able to perfectly balancenatural energywith his chakra, and enter a completeSage Mode, symbolised by the orange pigmentation around his yellow eyes, his toad-like pupils, and no other alterations to his appearance. Using Sage Mode made Naruto's techniques stronger, enhanced his physical parameters,[120][121][122]utilise theFrog Katataijutsu style,[123]andsensechakra through advanced enough to identify different signatures from vast distances.[124]SinceFukasakuwas unable tofusewith Naruto and gather natural energy for him due to Kurama's interference, Naruto had to employ shadow clones instead to maintain the technique, taking advantage of the clones' own buildup of natural energy being transferred to the original and let him useSage Modea number of times. However, creating more than five shadow clones overall would disrupt the focus of the clones gathering natural energy. The need for this method diminishes over time as Naruto became capable of entering Sage Mode much faster.[125]However, after finding unity withKurama, Naruto overcame this problem and learned to combine Sage Mode with Kurama's chakra to further enhance his abilities, such that he could resistNagato's control and shatterTruth-Seeking Balls. In later years, having drawn experience from his various events, Naruto became able to maintain Sage Mode for much longer durations unaided.[126] Main article:Six Paths SenjutsuNaruto also gained access to theSix Paths Senjutsu(六道仙術,Rikudō Senjutsu), which allows him to fly and also manifest up to nineTruth-Seeking Balls, composed of all five basicnatures, use Yin–Yang Release, and imbue them with theSix Paths Chakra. He can mould the balls into a myriad of shapes, fire them as projectiles and still control them from distance, or convert them into Tailed Beast Balls and use them to createTailed Beast Ball Rasenshurikenscapable of destroying the planetoids generated fromChibaku Tensei. While his shadow clones are unable to produce Truth-Seeking Balls of their own, Naruto is able to transfer control of his own to any of his shadow clones. Main article:Six Paths Sage Mode Naruto's Six Paths Sage Mode. With the power given to him byHagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained access to theSix Paths Sage Mode(六道仙人モード,Rikudō Sennin Mōdo).[5]In this mode, his pupils take on a cross-like shape — without manifesting the orange pigmentation around his eyes present in Sage Mode. Going further, Naruto donned a new Nine-Tails Chakra Mode cloak, which he could access instantly and maintain much longer than his standard Sage Mode.[127]Naruto's physical attributes and techniques are further augmented,[128]to the point where he could dodgeattacksthat moved at the speed of light and deflect Truth-Seeking Balls. It also empowers his sensory abilities to the highest possible level,[129]which allowed him to sense theinvisible shadowsof Limbo. Naruto's Asura Kurama Mode. Naruto also retained use of his Tailed Beast Mode avatar of Kurama, which rivalled Sasuke's Rinnegan-empoweredComplete Body — Susanooin size and power.[130]Using two shadow clones, he could create and combine three Kurama avatars into a single construct with three faces and six arms, which is largely reminiscent of Asura'sSix Paths: Kunitsukami.[131]This state allowed Naruto to infusetwo massive Rasenshurikenwith natural energy whose destructive capabilities rivalled that of Sasuke's most powerful jutsu,Indra's Arrow;[132]theresulting explosionfrom the two techniques colliding created an enormous cyclone that was visible from outer space.[133] Naruto reveals himself after disguising as a Wind Release: Rasenshuriken. While headstrong and often acting without thinking, Naruto's years as a prankster had given him a cunning imagination that was useful in split-second decision making, which has repeatedly proved invaluable in battle. He is a remarkabletactile learner, able to learn better through executing a task rather than understanding the theory of it.[134][25]Jiraiya also considered him to have a good gambling instinct.[135]Once seen in action, even the likes of the Second Hokage revise their thoughts about Naruto's intellect and instinct in battle.[136]After meeting Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki, Naruto gained the innate ability to grasp the nature of chakra and comprehend all universal things,[137]allowing him to quickly master the new powers he received. By adulthood he had become a capable teacher, instructing students at Konoha'sNinja Academy.[138][139]During his fight withDelta, Naruto showed his ability to think ahead by hiding his power and faking defeat in order to make Delta drop her guard and reveal her plans, although Delta was perceptive enough to see through his attempts. Naruto ultimately was able to find out the weakness of Delta'sShinobi-Wareabsorbing eye and overtax it after seeing it in action repeatedly.[81] Naruto's most famous mental skill is to deceive his opponents, as he made effective use of even the mostsimple techniquesto trick thedeadliest of opponents.[140]He could formulate multi-step plans or backup plans in the thick of battle,[141]and act quickly even when given new information.[142]He can also seemingly make himself predictable by creating a pattern, only to throw off his opponent by breaking it. He has even thrown in what others would callcompletely useless techniquesatpowerful opponentsto create an opening for a counterattack.[143]Naruto is rather observant, able to notice details others may overlook and subsequently take advantage of them to overcome his opponents.[144]As an adult, Naruto proved to be a capable teacher in ninjutsu, quickly teaching the basics toKawaki. See also:Plot of Naruto Main article:Prologue — Land of Waves Naruto is protected by Iruka. Failing once again to graduate from theAcademy, a disappointed Naruto is advised by one of his instructors,Mizuki, to steal theScroll of Sealsand learn a technique from it in order to graduate. As Naruto struggled to learn theShadow Clone Technique,Iruka Uminotracked him down and realised that Naruto was tricked by Mizuki into stealing the scroll. Mizuki attacked them and told Naruto about the Nine-Tails sealed within him, claiming that Iruka hated him because of it. When Iruka risked his life to protect Naruto, however, he saw through Mizuki's lies and used theMultiple Shadow Clone Techniqueto defeat him, prompting Iruka to happily grant Naruto his graduation from the Academy. Naruto would later befriendKonohamaru Sarutobi, grandson of theThird Hokage, and teach him several perverted or useful techniques. Team 7's group photo. Naruto was eventually assigned toTeam 7, partnered withSasuke UchihaandSakura Harunounder the leadership ofKakashi Hatake. During their first meeting, Naruto shared his love of ramen, his hobbies, and his dream to become Hokage. To test their qualifications, Kakashi gave the team abell test, stating that whichever of the three takes one of the two bells on his person will officially becomegenin. Instead of hiding like Sakura and Sasuke, Naruto tried to take the bells from Kakashi by force, only to be easily defeated, hung upside-down from a tree and tied to a wooden post in an attempt to steal lunch. After Sakura and Sasuke fail as well, Kakashi explains that the goal of the test was to use teamwork, to do together what none of them could do by themselves. He is persuaded to allow them to try again after lunch, but instructs Sasuke and Sakura not to feed Naruto. They feed him anyway, needing him in top-form if they're to work together. Kakashi sees this and, because they care more about the team than listening to his instructions, allows them all to pass. Naruto and Sasuke team up against Zabuza. After a series of uneventfulD-rankmissions, Naruto is able to secure aC-rankmission for Team 7: escortingTazunato theLand of Waves. Soon after leaving Konoha, they are attacked by theDemon Brothers. Naruto is paralysed with fear, forcing Sasuke to step in to disarm them and protect Tazuna until Kakashi can capture them. Tazuna confesses that assassins have been hired to kill him but that he couldn't afford the bodyguard detail he needs. Although the mission is nowA-rankin nature - far beyond the skill of genin - Team 7 decides to continue with it. Angered by Sasuke's taunting of him, Naruto cuts his hand to bleed out the poison he received earlier, vowing to never waver again. When they arrive in theLand of Wavesand are confronted byZabuza Momochi, Naruto is overwhelmed by the battle between Kakashi and Zabuza before he is knocked aside by Zabuza'swater clone. Remembering his vow, Naruto regained his confidence and teamed up with Sasuke to free Kakashi from Zabuza'sWater Prison. In the end, Zabuza is seemingly killed byHaku, allowing Team 7 to escort Tazuna back to his house. Kakashi finds Zabuza's death suspicious and decides to train the team in case he returns. He has them perform theTree Climbing Practiceto improve their chakra control, which will help them against Zabuza. Naruto becomes frustrated after several failures and asks for advice from Sakura, who herself mastered it from the start. Now rapidly improving, Naruto competes with Sasuke to finish the training, each determined to outdo the other. One day, Naruto encounters Haku (albeit unaware of his true identity) and they each discussed their dreams and desire to protect those precious to them. After Haku leaves, Naruto finishes the training with Sasuke but is left exhausted, so Team 7 leaves him behind the next morning as they resume their escort duties. Naruto awakens and arrives to assist Team 7 in fighting Zabuza and Haku, but, unaware of how Haku'sDemonic Mirroring Ice Crystalswork, he joins Sasuke within the prison. Naruto's first use of the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto cannot break free with his shadow clones and Sasuke cannot melt the ice with his fire. As Haku moves in to kill Naruto, Sasuke uses his body as a shield to protect Naruto and seemingly dies. Enraged by Sasuke's apparent death, Naruto unwittingly accesses theNine-Tails' chakrafor the first time, allowing him to destroy the ice mirrors and defeat Haku, breaking his mask. Realising his opponent was the boy he met before, Naruto calms himself. He is asked by Haku to kill him, since he feels of no further use to Zabuza. Before Naruto can do so, Haku immediately stops him and goes off to save Zabuza from being killed by Kakashi, sacrificing his own life. When Zabuza refuses to appreciate this, Naruto angrily scolds him, stating that Haku gave up his life to save someone precious to him. Touched by his words, Zabuza, using Naruto's kunai, killed Gatō and many of his henchmen before he himself dies. Sasuke soon awakens, and when their injuries heal, Team 7 leaves for home via Tazuna's newly-constructedGreat Naruto Bridge. Main article:Chūnin Exams Naruto refuses to give up from the Chūnin Exams. Team 7 resumes its series of unremarkable missions. For their performance in the Land of Waves, however, Kakashi decides to enter them in theChūnin Examstaking place in Konoha, which greatly excites Naruto. Because they've only recently graduated from the Academy, the three feel they must give strong showings to prove themselves. When they enter the exam hall, the team is met byRock Lee, who challenges Sasuke to a fight; Naruto tries to attack Lee in jealousy, but is easily swept aside. The fight is interrupted byMight Guy, after which Naruto notes that the bandages around Lee's arms signify his arduous taijutsu training while also mocking Sasuke for his unability to best Lee. During the exam's first stage, the participating genin are given a written test, the goal of which is to cheat without getting caught. Unaware of this, Naruto struggles to answer the questions, soHinata Hyūga, who is seated next to him, offers to let him copy off her paper. Despite the temptation, Naruto declined Hinata's offer, claiming that he isn't the type to cheat and that they might be disqualified if they are caught. Before the tenth question can be given, the genin are presented with the opportunity to forfeit; Naruto refuses to do so, declaring his refusal to give up and his goal to still become Hokage. His determination to face the tenth question despite the potential consequences inspires the rest of the genin to do the same, and so they pass the first stage. It is later noted that he was the only one to hand in a blank sheet, though this did not prevent him from passing. Naruto saves Sasuke from Orochimaru's snake. For the second phase, teams enter theForest of Deathwith the objective of obtaining a set of two scrolls, one of which they are given at the start. Naruto becomes separated from his team and is attacked and swallowed by a giant snake. He manages to kill it and regroups with his frightened teammates againstOrochimaru. Angered by Sasuke's sudden cowardice and resignation, Naruto engages Orochimaru using the Nine-Tails' chakra, defeats his giant snake, and taunts Sasuke before Orochimarusuppressesthe Nine-Tails' chakra, rendering Naruto unconscious. After he awakens, Team 7 continues its search for the second scroll, which they eventually gain by defeatingTeam Oboro, allowing them to pass the second stage. Naruto defeats Kiba. In the preliminary matches of the exam, Naruto was pitted againstKiba Inuzukaand his dog,Akamaru. Believing the match to be an easy victory, Kiba and Akamaru overwhelmed Naruto with many high-speed attacks, so Naruto tricks Kiba into knocking Akamaru out of the fight by using theTransformation Technique, shocking all spectators. Naruto then disorients Kiba by farting in his face and defeats him with theNaruto Uzumaki Combo(which he invented from watching Sasuke'sLion Combo). When Neji and Hinata's match begins, Naruto is enraged by Neji's ruthless tirade against Hinata and cheers Hinata on to defeat Neji. Although Hinata is defeated, Naruto wipes up her blood and vows to defeat Neji in the finals. Naruto meets the Nine-Tails. During the month of training, Naruto first meetsJiraiya(who knocked outEbisu, Naruto's original teacher) and trains under theSanninto improve his chakra control. Recognising Naruto as the Nine-Tails' jinchūriki, Jiraiyaremovesthe seal Orochimaru had placed on Naruto to ease his control and begins teaching him how to use the Nine-Tails' power bysummoningtoads. To accelerate Naruto's slow progress, Jiraiya pushes him over a cliff, causing Naruto to enter his subconscious and meet the Nine-Tails. Working past his fear, he bravely demands chakra from it as ""rent"" for living in his body. The Nine-Tails complies and Naruto summonsGamabunta, though he exhausts himself and ends up in thehospital, where he is visited byShikamaru Nara. After talking, he and Naruto stopGaarafrom killingRock Leein the next room and listen to Gaara's story of his childhood, which Naruto finds very similar to his own. Gaara prepares to kill them, butMight Guyintervenes and forces Gaara to retreat. On the day of the finals, Naruto meets Hinata at theThird Training Groundand expresses his doubts about his upcoming match with Neji. Hinata reassures Naruto that he never gave up because he always had the strength to overcome his own failures, admiring him for it. Reinvigorated, Naruto thanks Hinata and tells her even though he first thought she was weird, he now likes her. Naruto vs. Neji. Facing Neji in the first match of the finals, Naruto began by creating shadow clones to overwhelm Neji's with sheer numbers. Deeming Naruto a failure who could never defeat a genius like himself, Neji easily defeats Naruto's clones and seals his chakra withEight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms. Determined to prove Neji's ideals about fate wrong, Naruto tapped into the Nine-Tails' chakra and, revitalised, clashed with Neji. When the smoke cleared, Neji emerges and Naruto lies defeated. This, however, was only a shadow clone, and the real Naruto burst from the ground beneath Neji, defeating him with an uppercut. Before he is declared the winner, Naruto tells Neji that creating clones was once his shortcoming and that Neji needs to stop believing in inescapable fate. When Sasuke finally arrives for his match with Gaara, Naruto is envious of Sasuke's improvements, but is laterput to sleepalong with most of the audience, commencing theKonoha Crush. Main article:Konoha Crush Naruto saves Sasuke from Gaara. Sakura wakes up Naruto so they can pursue Sasuke, who was pursuing Gaara himself. They arrive in time for Naruto to kick Gaara away before he can kill Sasuke. Partially transformed intoShukaku, Gaara knocks Sakura unconscious and binds her to a tree, forcing Naruto to battle him, with little success. Naruto relates to Gaara's painful life as a jinchūriki, but he is not willing to let anything to happen to Sakura and Sasuke. Determined to protect his friends, Naruto creates an army of shadow clones torelentlessly batterGaara, forcing him tofully transforminto Shukaku, to which Naruto responds by summoning Gamabunta. Naruto defeats Gaara. Gaaraputs himself to sleepto give control of his body to Shukaku, forcing Naruto and Gamabunta to figure out a way to end the jutsu. They do so bytransforminginto a giant fox (the Nine-Tails in the anime) to restrain Shukaku, allowing Naruto to awaken Gaara with a solid punch to the face. Shukaku's influence disappears, but Gaara regains control and traps Naruto with his sand. Naruto escapes by tapping into the Nine-Tails' chakra, and headbutts Gaara when he is close enough, destroying Shukaku's form. Exhausted from the fight, the two leap at each other for one final exchange, and Naruto punches Gaara, claiming victory. Naruto and Gaara fell to the ground, unable to move. Slowly crawling towards Gaara, Naruto explained that he also suffered a painful and lonely life, but was later saved by having friends. To that end, he will do anything to protect them, even if it means killing Gaara. Understanding Naruto's true strength, Gaara retreated withKankurōandTemariwith a new outlook on life, while Naruto passes out from exhaustion and is returned to Konoha with Sasuke and a rescued Sakura. A few days later, Team 7 attended theThird Hokage's funeral. Main article:Search for TsunadeJiraiya is tasked with findingTsunade, a candidate for Fifth Hokage, and convinces Naruto to accompany him by promising to teach him a technique stronger than Sasuke'sChidori. Stopping at an inn inShukuba Town, Naruto was approached byKisame HoshigakiandItachi UchihaofAkatsuki, who intend to capture the Nine-Tails. When Sasuke shows up and furiously attacks Itachi, Naruto gathers the Nine-Tails' chakra to help Sasuke, but it is absorbed by Kisame'sSamehada. Jiraiya soon arrives and drives off Itachi and Kisame, but Sasuke is left mentally and physically damaged by Itachi.Might Guyappears and takes Sasuke back to Konoha, but not before giving Naruto a spare green jumpsuit. Naruto and Tsunade face-off. To prepare for the next encounter with Akatsuki, Naruto begins learning theRasengan, completing two of its three learning steps. Taking a break from training, Naruto and Jiraiya eventually found Tsunade and her assistantShizuneat a restaurant. When Tsunade refuses the offer to become Hokage and insults all who held the title, an angry Naruto challenged her to a fight and attacked her with an incomplete Rasengan, only to be easily defeated. Impressed by his progress, however, Tsunade makes a bet with Naruto: if he can master the Rasengan in a week, he gets theFirst Hokage's Necklace; if not, she gets hiswallet. Naruto agreed and spent the week trying to perfect the Rasengan, but has no success and collapses from exhaustion. Once he recovers, Naruto heads out with Jiraiya and Shizune to stop Tsunade from meeting with Orochimaru. Naruto defeats Kabuto. They arrive to see Tsunade, who never intended to aid Orochimaru, in the midst of battle withKabuto Yakushi. When Tsunade is incapacitated, Naruto fights Kabuto in her place and eventually defeats him with a perfected Rasengan, which he formed by using a shadow clone. Naruto collapses almost immediately afterwards, his heart muscles torn by Kabuto, but Tsunade successfully manages to heal him, gives him the necklace he wins, and accepts the position of Hokage. After Orochimaru and Kabuto are defeated, Naruto and the others return to Konoha, Tsunade confidently believing Naruto would someday become a great Hokage. Main article:Land of Tea Escort Mission Main article:Sasuke Recovery Mission Naruto promises Sakura to return Sasuke to Konoha. Naruto visits a recovering Sasuke at the hospital, but is immediately challenged to a fight, to which Naruto eventually agrees. The fight escalates quickly, culminating with Naruto using Rasengan and Sasuke using Chidori. Kakashi arrives and deflects their attacks into opposing water towers before they can clash, Naruto unknowingly doing more damage than Sasuke. Distressed by Sasuke's behaviour, Sakura informs Naruto of the cursed seal Sasuke received from Orochimaru, though Naruto assures Sakura that Sasuke would never abandon Konoha for power. Unfortunately, Sasuke does just that and Naruto joins theSasuke Recovery Teamin order to bring him back; he promises a tearful Sakura to do so before he leaves. En route to Sasuke, the team encounters members of theSound Four, each of which battles a member of the recovery team, while Naruto engagesKimimaro. Overwhelmed by Kimimaro's taijutsu skills, Naruto is saved at the last minute by Rock Lee, who volunteers to fight Kimimaro while Naruto heads after Sasuke. Naruto fights Sasuke. Naruto finally meets Sasuke at theValley of the End. His pleas for Sasuke to come back to Konoha and warns him that Orochimaru willtake his body, but his pleadings fall on deaf ears. Naruto starts attacking him, ready to take him back to Konoha by force if necessary. Undeterred, Sasuke responds by tapping into his cursed seal and landing a series of heavy blows on Naruto. It becomes painfully clear to Naruto that Sasuke is fighting with an intent to kill, so Naruto utilises the Nine-Tails' chakra to overpower Sasuke. Naruto says that Sasuke is like a brother to him and that he will do anything to protect that bond. Sasuke vows to sever that bond, but acknowledges Naruto as an equal by putting on his forehead protector. They continue trading blows, with Naruto eventually manifesting afox-shaped cloakand Sasuke entering hiscursed seal's second level. Naruto clashes his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, and within the dome of resulting energy they trade final blows: Sasuke punches Naruto and Naruto scratches Sasuke's forehead protector. Naruto defeated by Sasuke. When the energy dissipates, Naruto lies defeated, but Sasuke spares him and continues his way to Orochimaru, leaving his scratched forehead protector behind. Kakashi andPakkunarrive late and failing to retrieve Sasuke, leave with Naruto. In the hospital, Naruto once again promises Sakura to bring Sasuke back one day. Soon after, Jiraiya arrived with an offer to train Naruto for preparation against Orochimaru and Akatsuki in three years and to give up on Sasuke, as he is no different from Orochimaru. Naruto accepts Jiraiya's training, but refuses to give up on Sasuke, satisfying Jiraiya. See also:Plot of Naruto Naruto leaving Konoha. As in the manga, Naruto later departs with Jiraiya to begin his two and a half years of training, after making a determined gesture at the Fourth Hokage's statue. In the anime, this does not happen until about 3 months later as Jiraiya was occupied with important intel gathering about Akatsuki for Konohagakure. During the waiting period, Tsunade gives Naruto several missions with members of theKonoha 11to keep him busy. Naruto training with the Big Ball Rasengan. In the anime, shortly after leaving Konoha, Jiraiya and Naruto discuss the fact that Naruto will need to learn how to counter genjutsu if he hopes to be a match against Sasuke the next time they meet. Naruto practises withGamarikito dispel genjutsu, but he struggles with it and his chakra keeps hitting Gamariki, who doesn't appreciate it. Naruto follows Jiraiya to theGenjutsu Tree Villageto try a different approach, but they discover the village has been taken over byKandachi.[145]They free the villagers and then attack Kandachi, who Naruto eventually defeats with his newly-createdBig Ball Rasengan. As they leave afterwards, Jiraiya is pleased by how similar Naruto is toMinato Namikazeand hugs him, which Naruto is bothered by.[146] Main article:In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' PathsTwo years into their training, Naruto's control of the Nine-Tails' chakra has improved significantly. Jiraiya tries to give him more access to the Nine-Tails' power and usesGerotorato weaken Naruto'sEight Trigrams Sealing Style. Seizing the opportunity, the Nine-Tails mocked Naruto for his inability to save Sasuke, using Naruto's negative emotions to force him to enter aversion 2form with four tails. Not in control of his body, Naruto attacks Jiraiya and nearly kills him before he manages to suppress the Nine-Tails. Naruto has no memory of what happened and Jiraiya doesn't tell him, instead, shifting Naruto's training to other pursuits, including keeping his anger in check so that the Nine-Tails won't flare up again.[147] See also:Plot of Naruto: Shippūden Main article:Kazekage Rescue Mission Naruto returns to Konohagakure. Naruto and Jiraiya return to Konoha after two-and-a-half years of training, where Naruto becomes surprised by Tsunade's newly-formed statue onHokage Rock. He greets his old friends afterwards: he gives Kakashi a copy ofIcha Icha Tacticsas a gift; he catches up with Sakura, whom he has become taller than; he gets back into a competition ofSexy TechniqueswithKonohamaru Sarutobi, only to be violently reprimanded by Sakura. Kakashi reforms Team 7 with them and gives them anotherbell test, but unlike last time, taking the bells from him is the real objective. As with last time, Naruto launches a first attack before the test officially begins, but this time it nearly succeeds. Despite their improved abilities, Naruto and Sakura were still unable to get a bell through conventional means, and it was only by Naruto's threat to spoil the latestIcha Ichanovel that they distracted Kakashi long enough to take the bells. While Team 7 tries without success to find a mission to go on that Naruto won't complain about, word reaches Konoha thatAkatsukihas kidnappedGaara, theKazekage. Team 7 is sent to Sunagakure to assist in rescuing Gaara. On their way to Suna, Naruto explains that Gaara was kidnapped because he is thejinchūrikiof theOne-Tail, just as Naruto is the jinchūriki of theNine-Tails. Upon arrival in Suna, Naruto defends Kakashi fromChiyo's assault when she mistakes him for his father. Team 7 gathers what intel they can on Gaara's kidnappers and leave to go after them; Chiyo volunteers to escort them since they aren't familiar with the country around Suna. Naruto promises a recoveringKankurōto rescue Gaara before they leave. Naruto pummels Deidara. While en route to an Akatsuki lair, they are confronted byItachi Uchiha, who traps Naruto in a genjutsu. Sakura and Chiyo release him, allowing Naruto to team up with Kakashi and defeat Itachi with aBig Ball Rasengan. The Itachi is discovered to be animpostor, so they continue to the Akatsuki lair, meeting up withTeam Guy, who takes down the barrier over the entrance so that Team 7 can get in. They find Gaara's body finds with his kidnappers,DeidaraandSasori. Deidara flies off with Gaara's body with Naruto and Kakashi in pursuit, leaving Sasori to Chiyo and Sakura. Naruto, enraged, makes repeated failed attempts to rescue Gaara before he is calmed by Kakashi, who uses his newMangekyō Sharinganto distract Deidara withKamui. Naruto retrieves Gaara's body, but seeing it drives him over the edge: he furiously attacks Deidara and beats him mercilessly into the ground. Discovering that it was aClay Clone, Naruto slips into histwo-tailedform in rage, but is restored to normal by Kakashi via theChakra-Suppressing Seal. Gaara awakens, with Naruto by his side. Deidara escapes, while Naruto and Kakashi regroup with Sakura, Chiyo, and Team Guy. Sakura attempts to revive Gaara, but theremovalof Shukaku has caused him to die. Naruto breaks down in tears and angrily lashes out at Chiyo, saying she had no right to make Gaara not only a jinchūriki, but also lose his life because of it. As atonement and with Naruto's aid, Chiyo sacrifices her life to revive Gaara; as the jutsu nears completion, Chiyo voices her faith in Naruto's ability to save Gaara and to become Hokage. Naruto greets Gaara when he awakens, and a few days later, Teams 7 and Guy attend Chiyo's funeral in Suna. Before returning home, Naruto and Gaara shake hands (Gaara using his sand) as a sign of their close relationship. Main article:Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission Naruto and Sai's first encounter. During her fight with Sasori, Sakura learned of an opportunity to meet with a spy in Orochimaru's ranks in a few days' time, hoping it will lead them to Sasuke. Kakashi is left bedridden from his fight with Deidara, soYamatoleads Team 7 as his replacement. Replacing Sasuke on the team isSai, whom Naruto actually encounters earlier and dislikes, declaring him an inferior version of Sasuke. Sai is happy for this distinction and proceeds to degrade Sasuke for defecting from Konoha, forcing Yamato to use hisWood Releaseto break up their fight. Naruto is constantly exasperated by Sai's lack of empathy and his ridicule of Sasuke, but resolves to work with Sai if it means saving Sasuke. Team 7 confronts Orochimaru and Kabuto. Yamato disguises himself as Sasori and goes to theTenchi Bridgeto meet the spy while Naruto, Sakura, and Sai hide nearby. The spy,Kabuto Yakushi, begins telling Yamato about Orochimaru's organisation, but they are interrupted by the arrival of Orochimaru, who teams up with Kabuto to fight Yamato, having intended to kill Sasori. Team 7 comes to his aid and Orochimaru, recognising them, taunts Naruto about Sasuke. Naruto is enraged and strikes him, using hisversion 1form to make his attacks more devastating. Naruto's rage intensifies as he submits to the Nine-Tails' influence: he destroys the Tenchi Bridge and eventually advances to hisversion 2form while fighting Orochimaru. Naruto is soon forced back to the destroyed bridge, where, unable to tell friend from foe, he unknowingly attacks Sakura when she approaches him. A four-tailed Naruto attacks Orochimaru with Tailed Beast Ball. Yamato restrains Naruto with his Wood Release and suppresses the Nine-Tails' influence, but its chakra leaves Naruto's body badly damaged. After Sakura heals him, Naruto wakes up unable to remember what happened, but is surprised by the devastated landscape. When they realise that Sai is missing, Yamato reports that he has joined with Orochimaru and Kabuto. On the way, Yamato secretly takes Naruto aside and tells him that he is the one who attacked Sakura. He encourages Naruto to use his own strength instead of the Nine-Tails in order to protect his loved ones. The team locates Sai, whom Yamato has placed atraceon, at Orochimaru's lair and capture him. Restrained, Sai asks why Naruto is determined to save him; Naruto replies that his bond with Sasuke is too precious to be broken and that he will do anything to protect it. Intrigued, Sai switches sides, helping them capture Kabuto and then searching the base for Sasuke on Naruto's behalf. While he's gone, Yamato goes through his belongings and finds evidence that Sai has been assigned to assassinate Sasuke. Naruto encounters Sasuke. When they find Sai, he explains that he truly does want to help retrieve Sasuke, and in fact has already found him: Naruto and Sakura are speechless to see Sasuke again. Sasuke reacts with indifference to them, but Naruto remarks he can't become Hokage without saving his friend. To demonstrate that they mean nothing to him, Sasuke quickly neutralises them all. As Naruto struggles to avoid the temptation of using the Nine-Tails, Sasuke suddenly appears in Naruto's subconscious using his Sharingan and suppresses the Nine-Tails. He then prepares to kill them, but is persuaded not to by Orochimaru and leaves without further comment. Naruto is upset at having failed once more to bring Sasuke home, but is reminded by Sakura that they need to become stronger and Team 7 returns to Konoha. Main article:Twelve Guardian Ninja (Arc) Main article:Akatsuki Suppression Mission Naruto training with his clones. Once Kakashi is done recuperating in the hospital, he assembles Naruto, Sakura, and Sai to discuss their failed mission to retrieve Sasuke. Kakashi believes the best way to match Sasuke is for Naruto to create a newjutsu. As the training began, Naruto discovers that hisnatureiswindand learns to use the wind nature. Ordinarily, such training would take months or years, but Kakashi advises that Naruto, by training alongside hundreds ofshadow clonescan do the same training in a mere fraction of the time. With Kakashi's instructions and the training grounds created by Yamato, Naruto quickly masters how to use the wind nature. The next step is more difficult for him: combining that nature with theRasengan. Naruto defeats Kakuzu. Like Kakashi andMinato Namikazebefore him, Naruto fails several times in trying to combine his nature with the Rasengan; his frustration evokes the Nine-Tails' chakra at times, which Yamato suppresses. With further advice from Kakashi, Naruto finds his solution using two shadow clones: one helps him form the Rasengan and the other adds his wind nature. When they receive news that Asuma died in battle with members ofAkatsuki, they take a break to attend Asuma's funeral. Kakashi leaves Yamato in charge of overseeing Naruto's training so he could helpTeam 10avenge Asuma. Having finished his jutsu, Naruto and Team Yamato went to provide assistance, arriving in time to save Kakashi and Team 10 fromKakuzu. Naruto engages Kakuzu alone with his newly-createdWind Release: Rasenshuriken, though it dissipates on its first use and Naruto is rescued by Kakashi and Yamato. The technique succeeds the second time, destroying two of Kakuzu's hearts and putting the last one on the brink of failure. Kakashi finishes off Kakuzu and they return to Konoha. The Rasenshuriken injures Naruto's arm after use and he is forbidden to use the technique ever again. When they visit Ichiraku Ramen, Naruto has a hard time eating while his arm mends, so Sakura opts to help, before the responsibility falls to Sai, then to Kakashi. As they leave afterwards, they are met by Konohamaru, who demonstrates hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique; Naruto approves but Sakura is disgusted and violently reprimands him. In the manga, Konohamaru responds withSexy: Boy on Boy Technique; Sakura approves but Naruto is disgusted and violently reprimands him. Main article:Three-Tails' Appearance Main article:Itachi Pursuit Mission The Eight Man Squad formed to pursue Itachi and Sasuke. News reaches Konoha that Sasuke has killed Orochimaru. Realising that this is a good opportunity to try once again to reunite with Sasuke, Kakashi combines Teams 7 and 8 into anEight Man Squadwith the mission to find either Sasuke or his assumed target, Itachi. When they split up to search, Naruto, because he's a target of Akatsuki, is given a protective escort in the form of Hinata, Yamato, andBull. Their group encounters Kabuto, who offers them intel on Akatsuki and its members, his thanks to Naruto ""inspiring"" him to overcome Orochimaru after absorbing his remains. Kabuto then escapes. Main article:Tale of Jiraiya the Gallant Naruto and Itachi converse. After regrouping andKiba Inuzukadetects Sasuke's trail, Naruto creates shadow clones to search the area faster, one of which encounters Itachi. Itachi repels Naruto's attacks and insists he only wants to talk. He asks Naruto what Sasuke means to him and what he will do if Sasuke ever moves against Konoha. Naruto replies that he is Sasuke's brother – a better brother than Itachi is – and that if Sasuke ever attacks the village he will defend it without killing Sasuke. Itachi is happy with this answer and gives Naruto some assistance for this purpose: aspecial crowthat he stores within Naruto's body. Itachi left, and Naruto continued his search, eventually finding Sasuke.[148] As they near Sasuke's location they are intercepted byTobiof Akatsuki, who prevents them from progressing and who is invulnerable to their attacks. Main article:Fated Battle Between BrothersAs the group continually tries to attack Tobi, he dodges the attacks with ease. Naruto tries several times to attack him with his Rasengan, but without success. Tobi attempts to use a hidden jutsu to attack the teams, but fails at it. Eventually, Zetsu comes to tell him about Sasuke and Itachi's fight. Tobi leaves when he receives news that Sasuke has killed Itachi, and Teams 7 and 8 try to reach Sasuke before he does. Unable to find where Tobi has taken Sasuke, they are forced to return to Konoha. Main article:Six-Tails Unleashed Main article:Pain's Assault Naruto mourns Jiraiya's death. As Naruto contemplated his meeting with Itachi, he was called to theHokage Residenceto hear sombre news: his master Jiraiya was killed byPain, the leader of Akatsuki. Grief-stricken, Naruto blamed Tsunade and spent the day mourning his teacher's death, depressed that Jiraiya cannot see him become Hokage. After being comforted byIrukaandShikamaru, Naruto helped to decipher Jiraiya's dying message and eventually they succeed. Understanding that Jiraiya had bought him time for his own fight with Pain, Naruto went to train with the toads ofMount Myōbokuto learnsenjutsu. Naruto trained to harmonise with nature, a process he sped up by using a limited number of shadow clones. He rapidly progressed through the training stages and attained a perfectSage Mode, which Jiraiya was unable to do. News ofPain's Assaulton Konoha reached them, they began to mobilise for battle. Naruto arrives to fight Pain. As Naruto,Fukasaku,Gamaken,Gamahiro,Gamabunta, andGamakichiwere summoned to the centre of Konoha, the group was confronted by theSix Paths of Pain, who had just destroyed the village. After destroying theAsura Pathbefore it could attack Tsunade, Naruto told her to make sure everyone left the battle to him. After a brief skirmish withAnimal Path, Naruto and the toads defeated the Animal,Preta, andHuman Pathsbefore running out of senjutsu chakra. Naruto revealed that he had two shadow clones waiting back atMount Myōbokuto revitalise him with natural energy. Naruto went back on the offensive, dispatching the healed Preta and Naraka Path before the Deva Path regained its full power. Pain killed Fukasaku and used the opportunity to capture Naruto, pinning him down to the ground. Naruto succumbs completely to the Nine-Tails' influence. With Naruto restrained, Pain opened up his reasons for Akatsuki, their plan for the tailed beasts, and the peaceful world he wanted to create. Though Naruto rejected his notion that using a weapon to force peace, he could offer no alternative. Before Pain could depart with Naruto, he was attacked byHinata Hyūga. Declaring her love for Naruto and vowing to protect him, she continued to fight against Pain before she was subdued and critically wounded. Believing Hinata to had been killed, an enraged Naruto erupted into hissix-tailed form. Resisting theFirst Hokage's Necklace's attempted to quell the transformation and destroying it, the Nine-Tails attacked Pain, forcing him out of the village to get close enough to his actual body to use theChibaku Tensei, trapping Naruto within the small satellite. The technique was not enough to stop the Nine-Tails, however, as it simply progressed toeight-tailed formto force its way out of the satellite. Meanwhile within his subconscious, Naruto was tempted by the Nine-Tails to open its seal to save him from the pain of not having Pain's answer for peace. However, before Naruto could,Minatoappeared, having left some of his chakra within the seal in case of an emergency to protect his son. Overjoyed at meeting his father, but angered that he would condemn him to life as a jinchūriki, Naruto listened to his father encouraging him, confident that he would find a way to break the cycle of hatred. After repairing the seal, Minato disappeared and the newly-inspired Naruto prepared to resume his battle with Pain. Naruto defeats Pain. Confidence restored, Naruto was greatly relieved to learn that not only had Hinata survived, but nobody was injured during his rampage. After clever use of shadow clones, Naruto destroyed the Deva Path with a Rasengan, defeating the last of Pain's Six Paths. Using one of Pain'sBlack Receivers, Naruto followed the chakra signal toNagatoandKonan's position. Confronting Nagato, Naruto listened to Nagato's story that turned him into Pain and came to understand why he made the actions he did. Despite not forgiving him, he told Nagato he would not kill him and would instead try to create the better world that their teacher wished for. Moved by Naruto's determination to create a better world, Nagato decided to put his trust in Naruto and sacrificed his own life toreviveall the people he had killed in Konoha. Naruto helped Konan retrieve Nagato andYahiko's bodies for burial inAmegakure, and Konan left Naruto a bouquet of paper flowers for him, symbolising their new alliance. The village greets Naruto upon his return. Naruto then created amemorialforJiraiyaand left the flowers and a copy ofThe Tale of the Utterly Gutsy Shinobiby a rock with the kanji forteacher(師,shi). While the exhausted Naruto walked back to the village, he was found by Kakashi who carried him the rest of the way. Upon arrival, Naruto was greeted as a hero by the villagers, his dream of acknowledgement being realised at last. Main article:Past Arc: The Locus of Konoha Main article:Five Kage Summit Naruto willingly gets beaten by Karui. Sakura informs Naruto that Tsunade fell into a coma and that there's nothing that can be done to bring her out of it. While they talk, they are approached byTazunaandInari, who have come to help rebuild Konoha. They ask about Sasuke, which Naruto avoids going into detail about so as to spare them and Sakura a discussion about Sasuke's defection. After Tazuna and Inari leave, they receive news thatDanzō Shimurahas become the nextHokageand that he has ordered Sasuke be killed as a traitor. Naruto and Sakura approach Sai to ask him how they can convince Danzō to change his mind, but Sai is unable to help.OmoiandKaruiofKumogakureoverhear them talking about Sasuke and they ask for information about Sasuke, wishing to kill him for his role in Akatsuki's capture ofKiller B. Naruto leads Omoi and Karui away to spare Sakura pain, but refuses to reveal anything about Sasuke. Instead, Naruto allows the Kumo-nin vent their anger by beating him, to whichKaruiobliges until Sai stops her and the Kumo-nin retreat. Naruto unsuccessfully pleas the Raikage to forgive Sasuke. Recovering later, Naruto asked Yamato and Kakashi to take him to theLand of Iron, so that he could askFourth Raikageto pardon Sasuke. Upon arrival, the Raikage rejected Naruto's request even with Kakashi and Yamato's assistance and berated him for defending a criminal. Naruto went to a local inn to ponder his next course of action, but was soon confronted byTobi, who wanted to understand Nagato's change of heart. Naruto ignored the question and demanded to know about his plans with Sasuke. Tobi told him about theSage of the Six Paths, the Uchiha clan, and the truth about theUchiha Clan Downfall, all of which now drove Sasuke alonga path of vengeanceagainst Konoha and anyone else who would dare cross his path. Naruto insisted that he could still get through to Sasuke, but Tobi laughed and left, saying that Naruto and Sasuke were fated to fight again. Naruto talks with Gaara about Sasuke. While Naruto was practising his Sage Mode's sensory abilities to locate Sasuke, he was interrupted by the arrival of Sakura,Rock Lee, Kiba and Sai. Sakura attempted to dissuade Naruto in his attempts to bring Sasuke back to Konoha by falsely telling him that she loved him. However, Naruto knew she was lying and he rejected her confession and her proposal to abandon Sasuke, stating it had nothing to do with his promise to her. After Sakura's party left, Sai'sink clonerevealed that the rest of theKonoha 11had decided to kill Sasuke themselves to prevent another war, while Sakura planned to kill Sasuke herself, at Sai's unintended insistence.Gaara, who attended theFive Kage Summitthat Sasuke attacked, arrived and revealed Tobi's declaration of theFourth Shinobi World War, telling Naruto how they would be fighting Sasuke to protect Naruto, but he did advise Naruto to consider for himself what was the right thing to do. After hearing that most of his friends have turned against Sasuke, who now wanted to unleash his vengeance on just about everyone, Naruto hyperventilated and passed out. When he awoke, he was told by Yamato that Kakashi went to stop Sakura from dealing with Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke clash. Using a shadow clone as a decoy, Naruto escaped from the inn and followed Kakashi, arriving just in time to save Sakura from being killed by Sasuke. He tried once more to reason with Sasuke, sympathising with his pain and acknowledging Itachi's sacrifice. However, Sasuke was unmoved and declared his resolve to destroy Konoha and sever the Uchiha's connection to the shinobi world. Naruto then clashed his Rasengan with Sasuke's Chidori, realising that everything in his life he could have easily gone down the same path of Sasuke. Despite his jealousy of him, he had come to like Sasuke and was glad to have met him. Undeterred, Sasuke gave Naruto two options: kill or be killed; Naruto chose neither. Tobi andZetsuarrived and prepared to depart with Sasuke. Naruto resolved that if he and Sasuke were to battle again, they would kill each other, but he was willing to accept it as he would shoulder Sasuke's hatred alone. Sasuke vowed to kill Naruto first and left with Tobi and Zetsu, while Naruto and his teammates returned to Konoha, with the captiveKarin. Naruto explained the situation to his friends and asked to fight Sasuke alone, determined to get stronger for their upcoming battle. Main article:Power (Arc) Main article:Paradise Life on a Boat Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Countdown Naruto meets with the Great Toad Sage. As Naruto was about to eat at Ichiraku, he was suddenly summoned back to Mount Myōboku byFukasaku. He learns from theGreat Toad Sage's fortune that he would meet an ""octopus"" and would battle a ""young man with powerful eyes."" WhenGerotorawas summoned to give Naruto the ""key"" to theEight Trigrams Seal, Naruto knew he would need the Nine-Tails' power for the battles to come and accepted the key. Naruto was sent back to Ichiraku, where some of the villagers asked for his autograph. Naruto was unaware that the five Kage were planning to keep him from participating in the upcomingFourth Shinobi World War. For his safety, Tsunade gave Naruto an ""S-rank mission"" on aremote islandin theLand of LightningwithYamato,Might Guy,Aoba Yamashiro, and other Konoha-nin as security. Once at the island, Naruto metKiller B, the jinchūriki ofEight-Tails, and requested to train under him after marvelling at B's mastery of his tailed beast. B refused as he was on vacation, despite Naruto's best efforts to impress him. However, whenMotoiheard Naruto bumped fists with B, he took Naruto was taken toFalls of Truth, where B trained to control the Eight-Tails. Following Motoi's instructions, Naruto sat on the platform in front of the waterfall and closed his eyes to see his true self: Dark Naruto, who berated Naruto on how quickly the Konoha villagers changed their opinions of him and exclaimed that the Nine-Tails liked him better. Inside his mind, Naruto fought his dark self, but found that they were evenly matched. Breaking out of meditation, Naruto questioned Motoi about B's history in order to learn how to conquer his inner darkness. Naruto fights the Nine-Tails. Naruto reminisced about how B and Gaara changed everyone's opinions about them and began to doubt if the Konoha villagers sincerely trusted him. After witnessing B save Motoi from agiant squidand resume their friendship, an inspired Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth and confronted Dark Naruto again. With Naruto now having faith in himself, Dark Naruto began to weaken as he asked what his reason for existing was. Naruto answered by hugging him, accepted Dark Naruto as a part of him while thanking him for pushing him to become a better person. Dark Naruto finally relented and faded. B led Naruto and Yamato to a special room in thesecret templebehind the waterfall, where Naruto was prepared to fight the Nine-Tails for its chakra. Within his subconscious, Naruto unlocked the seal and engaged the Nine-Tails in battle usingSage Mode. Though he appeared to have the upper hand and drain the Nine-Tails' chakra, the fox instantly planted its own hatred within its absorbed chakra, consuming Naruto. Naruto meets his mother. Just before Naruto was completely consumed, the spirit of his mother,Kushina Uzumaki, appeared. Naruto believed that Kushina was the Nine-Tails in disguise, earning a hit on the head and an immediate apology from her, who hoped that he did not inherit her short-temper. Realising Kushina was his mother, he tearfully hugged her and the love-filled reunion purged the Nine-Tails' hatred within its drained chakra. With renewed confidence from hearing the story of his parents, Naruto battled the Nine-Tails once more. With his mother's assistance, Naruto successfully weakens the fox long enough to separate it from its chakra. Attaining theNine-Tails Chakra Mode, Naruto imprisons the emaciated and infuriated Nine-Tails within anew, stronger seal, apologising to it as it faded into darkness. Afterwards, Naruto learned from Kushina about hisheritage, the truth behind theNine-Tails' attack on Konoha, and how his parents gave their lives to protect him. Naruto told his mother that he could finally understand what a parent's love felt like and that he didn't blame them for what happened, instead feeling glad to be their son. As she fades away, Kushina tearfully hugged Naruto, thanking him for letting her and Minato be his parents. Naruto attacks Kisame. In the real world, Naruto demonstrated his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode to B and Yamato before sensingKisame HoshigakiofAkatsukihidden inside hisSamehadaviahis negative emotions. When Kisame attempted to escape, Naruto used his blinding speed to quickly smash Kisame into the wall, though his foot gets stuck. Yamato helps Naruto out while B pursues Kisame and they regroup to see Kisame's defeat by Guy. Kisame is restrained for interrogation, though he breaks free of his confinements through sheer will and summons sharks inside awater prisonto eat him alive. Shocked by Kisame's suicide, Naruto observes that even those in Akatsuki fight for their comrades. They examine the intel that Kisame was trying to send, which turns out to be booby-trapped: they are each caught in a water prison and are trapped alongside a shark. Another shark, meanwhile, is able to escape with Kisame's intel. After they escape, Naruto is tasked with evacuating the giant animals into theIsland Turtle's shell and logging the island's ecology as part of his ""official""S-rankmission. He remains unaware that it is a ploy to keep him away from the war. Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Naruto senses the war with Sage Mode. Naruto returned to the Falls of Truth with B to start practising hisNine-Tails Chakra Mode, specifically learning how to useTailed Beast Balls. Since Tailed Beast Balls couldn't be made without the Nine-Tails' cooperation, Naruto tried to create theTailed Beast Rasenganas a workaround. While struggling to balance the jutsu's composition, he sensed adistant sourceof the Nine-Tails' chakra. Naruto left the Falls of Truth to investigate and was met by a contingent of Konoha-nin, amongst themIruka Umino. Iruka tried to convince him to go back to his training, but Naruto bypassed them and, from entering Sage Mode, sensed the ongoingFourth Shinobi World War. Naruto became angry that they would try to keep the war a secret from him and that they wouldn't let him help. Iruka apologised, yet still made an effort torestrainhim. Naruto escaped and found aSelf-Repairing Barrier, preventing him from leaving by himself. B, at Iruka's request, decided to join him, and together they broke through the barrier. Naruto states his resolve to the Nine-Tails. Shortly after, the Nine-Tails pulled Naruto into his subconscious, berating him for squandering its chakra and calling him naive for thinking he could stop the war by himself. When the Nine-Tails failed to once again tempt Naruto with power, the fox went off to claim that his attempt to put an end to hatred was futile, using his history with Sasuke as proof. Naruto responded bypinningthe fox down, refuting that it was the one who was being naive and confidently exclaiming he would find a way to deal with Sasuke and end the war. Before he leaves, Naruto also promises to resolve the Nine-Tails' own hatred someday, unnerving the fox. Naruto outpaces A. On their way to the battlefield, Naruto and B were met by theFourth RaikageandTsunade, both intent on stopping the jinchūriki. B tried to convince the Raikage to let them go, and when that failed, Naruto tried to get around them, but the Raikage'sLightning Release Chakra Modewas too fast for that. The Raikage became increasingly aggressive in his determination to stop Naruto and B from joining the war effort, going so far as to threaten to kill Naruto if it would keep Akatsuki from capturing the Nine-Tails. First B and then Tsunade joined Naruto in arguing to allow them to fight, which the Raikage relented to once Naruto dodges his maximum speed. On Tsunade's orders,Shikaku Naracontacted Naruto and informed him about Akatsuki'sWhite Zetsu Armyand the accompanyingImpure World Reincarnations. Naruto and B soon afterwards encountered a squad of seeming Allied forces, but with his Nine-Tails Chakra Mode'sability, it allowed him to detect them as disguised Zetsu. He quickly defeated them and sent shadow clones to various other battlefields to lend assistance. Naruto fights Nagato. Naruto and B soon ran into the reincarnatedItachi UchihaandNagato. They greeted Naruto and briefly caught up on what had happened since their deaths, but were quickly forced to attack by their summoner,Kabuto Yakushi. Nagato advised Naruto and B on how to counter his jutsu while Itachi, between his own attacks, recalled the crow he planted in Naruto during their last meeting. Itachi activated theKotoamatsukamiof the crow'sMangekyō Sharinganto release himself from Kabuto's influence. Itachi joined Naruto and B in fighting Nagato, first by neutralising theRinnegan Summoningand then saving them from being killed by Nagato. Nagato, his personality now suppressed, tried capturing them withChibaku Tensei, which the three combined efforts to destroy. While Nagato was distracted by their attack, Itachi sealed him withSusanoo. His personality restored, Nagato used his last moments to apologise and put his faith in Naruto. Afterwards, Itachi destroyed the crow, its Kotoamatsukami too valuable to let fall into the wrong hands. He left to find Kabuto so that he could end the Impure World Reincarnation, but not before telling Naruto to let his friends support him and leaving Sasuke's reform to him. Naruto defeats the Third Raikage. A shadow clone arrived at the site of theFourth Division's battle with various reincarnatedKage. Naruto was able to land a sneak attack onMū, allowing theThird Tsuchikageto seal him before he could say anything. The Tsuchikage went to helpGaarafight theSecond Mizukage, leaving Naruto to fight theThird Raikagealong with the other members of the Fourth Division. Like the Fourth Raikage, the Third was very fast, easily dodging most attacks. The few attacks that did land had almost no effect, his body's natural defence was too high, and the Raikage's offences allowed him to break through every attempt to contain him. When Naruto noticed that the Raikage had a scar from his fight with the Eight-Tails years earlier, he contacted it via B to ask how the Raikage received the scar. Upon hearing the Eight-Tails' answer, Naruto surmises the scar was self-inflicted, confirming it as he manipulates the Third into piercing his own body. The Third is sealed and Naruto regroups with the Tsuchikage and Gaara, who already defeated the Second Mizukage. As Naruto and B continued onwards, Naruto's shadow clones started arriving at various locations. In the anime, shadow clones were able to: save the members of theSasuke Recovery Teamfrom the reincarnatedSound Four'sSpace–Time Technique Formula: Underworld Turnover;[149]updateTatewakiabout the fates of the children he was responsible for during life, granting him peace and allowing him to return to the afterlife;[150]run in toYota, a childhood friend, and giving Yota a chance to play with him again before releasing himself from the Impure World Reincarnation;[151][152][153]assistOmoiin saving theThundercloud Unit.[154] Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: ClimaxShadow clones arrived at all the remaining battlefields, securing Impure World Reincarnations, weeding out the Zetsu that had infiltrated the Alliance's ranks, and defeating any other remaining Zetsu. Victory seemed near when theSensor Divisiondetected a new threat near the Fourth Division: Mu, whosplithimself before his sealing, and the reincarnatedMadara Uchiha. Shocked by this revelation, they all wondered who the masked man,Tobi, really was. Madara gave them little time to discuss it and attacked them immediately. He cut swaths through the Fourth Division's ranks and used his Rinnegan to avoid the clone's, the Tsuchikage's, and Gaara's counterattack. Wishing to eliminate them all at once, Madaradropped a meteoriteon them. Naruto receives help from the Nine-Tails. While the survivors regroup, Madara tried tosummonthe Nine-Tails. Although it failed, the fox sensed the attempt and offered somechakrato help fight Madara, preferring Naruto over the Uchiha. The shadow clone used the Nine-Tails' chakra to counter Madara'sNativity of a World of TreeswithBig Ball Spiralling Serial Zone Spheres, though the extended fighting left the clone exhausted afterwards. Madara moved in to capture it, but was parried by the arrival of Tsunade, the Fourth Raikage, and theFifth Mizukage. The Five Kage vowed to deal with Madara themselves and asked that Naruto should instead focus on defeating Tobi. The clone dispersed just as the real Naruto converged on Tobi. Naruto and B clashed with Tobi's reincarnatedjinchūriki, styled like aSix Paths of Pain. During the fighting, Naruto referenced another Madara and asked who Tobi really was. Realising his lie was exposed, Tobi refused to accept any particular identity, believing it to be irrelevant. Naruto was not satisfied with this answer and vowed to break Tobi's mask. Naruto and B clash with the reincarnated jinchūriki. B enteredTailed Beast Modeto clear the surrounding forest that was giving him and Naruto a disadvantage against the reincarnated jinchūriki. He then tried tosealthe jinchūriki, but Tobi had them enterVersion 2forms to escape at the last second. The increased strength of the jinchūriki caused difficulties for Naruto and B. Tobi, taking advantage of the situation, nearly captured Naruto, but was blocked by the arrival of Kakashi and Guy. Their arrival balanced out the two sides, so Tobi had theFour-Tailsand theSix-Tailsenter Tailed Beast Modes as well. The Four-Tails captured Naruto in its mouth, allowing it to communicate with him. The Four-Tails, introducing itself with the name Son Gokū, was angered to be controlled by Tobi, but it doubted Naruto would be any better since humans had always sought to control it and its fellow tailed beasts. Naruto insisted he was different and Son Gokū, touched by his desire to help it, told him how to release it from Tobi's control. Naruto managed to break out of its mouth, locate theblack receiver, and remove it. Naruto and Kurama unite. Son Gokū thanked Naruto for his help, but explained that it couldn't actually be saved, as it was still bound to theDemonic Statue of the Outer Path. Before it was pulled back into the Demonic Statue, Son Gokū gave some of its chakra to Naruto and wished him luck. Tobi, having lost the use of one tailed beast, forced the others to enter Tailed Beast Modes so that the battle could be brought to an end. The Nine-Tails remarked that Naruto couldn't possibly win without its help. Naruto stated that he was not up for taking its chakra by force at the moment and that he would figure something out. However, Naruto's earlier determination to help Son Gokū moved the Nine-Tails, reminding it of the many selfless things Naruto had done during his life and the perseverance he always displayed. The Nine-Tails no longer wanted to oppose Naruto and instead offered to join him as a partner, asking only that Naruto call it by name: Kurama. Naruto meets the tailed beasts. Naruto entered his own Tailed Beast Mode and went to save Kakashi and Guy, deflecting the other five beasts' Tailed Beast Balls. The Kurama avatar fought the beasts in close combat, forcing them to combine their Tailed Beast Balls into one against it. Kurama countered theirs with a single one of its own Tailed Beast Balls and Naruto then used the avatar's tails to grab and remove the beasts' black receivers. From the contact, Naruto was able to interface with the other beasts, who introduced themselves and, like Son Gokū, gave him portions of their chakra. Tobi recalled the beasts back into the Demonic Statue and, though irritated, remained confident in his eventual victory as he faced off with Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy. By the time night fell, however, Tobi was still unable to defeat them. A light eventually descended on the reincarnated jinchūriki that B had kept restrained, returning them to the afterlife and signalling that Itachi had finally defeated Kabuto. Naruto destroys Tobi's mask. With his options running out, Tobi deposited theBenihisagoand theKohaku no Jōhei(which containedportions of Kurama's chakra) into the Demonic Statue which, combined with a fragment of the Eight-Tails,Gyūki's, chakra he acquired previously, was enough to start the revival of theTen-Tails. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy started focusing on destroying it, but were constantly stopped by Tobi and his peculiar teleportation and intangibility abilities. From the fighting, however, Kakashi noticed that Tobi's abilities were seemingly linked to his ownKamui. To take advantage of this, Kakashi had one of Naruto's shadow clones attack Tobi and, just as the clone was about to be destroyed by one of Tobi's attacks, Kakashi used Kamui on it without Tobi noticing. Naruto then attacked with a Tailed Beast Ball, which Tobi escaped by retreating toKamui's dimension. He found the clone waiting for him there and it destroyed his mask with a Rasengan. When they saw his face, Guy and Kakashi recognised Tobi as their childhood friend,Obito Uchiha, whom they'd long thought dead. Obito declined to explain his actions to them and instead attacked, which attracted Madara, who escaped the release of the Impure World Reincarnation, to their location. Seeing Madara, Naruto asked what happened to the Kage, to which the elder Uchiha replied that they were in bad condition when he left them. From that and the conversation he overheard between Madara and Obito, particularly their manipulation of Nagato, Naruto attacked in a rage. Madara reflected him and then tried to capture him and B so that the Ten-Tails could be revived in its complete form. Naruto split his attention, he and B fighting Madara'swood dragonwith their Tailed Beast Modes and one of his shadow clones trying to help Kakashi get over the revelation that Obito was alive. Naruto with the Allied Shinobi Forces. Obito tried to convince Naruto of the futility of resistance. Naruto insisted that protecting his comrades was always worthwhile, no matter how hopeless things may seem. His words brought Kakashi out of his slump, enabling him to start fighting Obito on his own, and energised Guy, who created an opening for Naruto and B to attack the Demonic Statue with a combined Tailed Beast Ball. The attack came too late, however, and the Ten-Tails was revived. Naruto, B, Kakashi, and Guy regrouped and coordinated an attack, but the Ten-Tails was too powerful and Madara and Obito, once they linked themselves to it, were able to deploy its powers effectively. Just before they could kill Naruto and the others, the combined remaining Allied Shinobi Forces arrived to help. Shikaku Nara, communicating to all of them from the Alliance's headquarters, staged an offensive to restrain the Ten-Tails. Although it failed, it was effective enough that Madara and Obito had the Ten-Tails destroy the distant headquarters, killing Shikaku and everyone else stationed there. The Allies made individual attacks against the Ten-Tails, but none had any effect. At the same time, the Ten-Tails started raining wooden skewers all over the battlefield, killing many. When one was about to hit Naruto,Hinatashielded him with her body andNejishielded her with his own. Dying, Neji collapsed on Naruto's shoulder, asking him to be more careful in the future since many lives, Hinata's particularly, now depend on his. With his last breath, he thanked Naruto for calling him a genius all those years ago. Naruto was deeply distraught by Neji's death, which Obito tried to use as an example of the needless death that resistance caused and that could be solved in the new world he wanted to create. Hinata brought Naruto back to his senses by reminding him of all the people who had given their lives to protect him and whose memories he would be insulting if he had given up now. As Naruto thanked her, he took her hand and coated her with some of Kurama's chakra. Naruto gives chakra to the Allied Shinobi Forces. Naruto shared Kurama's chakra throughout the Allied Forces, increasing their strength and protecting them from harm. They all manoeuvred into a formation that Shikaku was able to communicate to them before he died and, taking the form of a bird in memory of Neji, successfully removed the Ten-Tails from Obito and Madara's control. Forced to fend for themselves, Obito sought out Naruto, criticising him for wasting his energy protecting others. Naruto replied that protecting them actually gave him strength, motivating everyone within earshot. They then sensed the Ten-Tails was about to attack, which Kakashi tried to stop with Kamui. Obito intercepted him and they teleported away, leaving the others to endure the Ten-Tails'Tenpenchii. Kurama's chakra protected everyone, but it faded in the aftermath; Naruto was left quite beaten up, requiring Sakura to heal him. When the Ten-Tails attacked with another Tailed Beast Ball, the Allies mustered what little defence they could. Before it could reach them, however, the Tailed Beast Ball was suddenly teleported away and Naruto's reincarnated father,Minato Namikaze, appeared at Naruto's side. Team 7 reunites. TheFirst,Second, andThird Hokagearrived soon afterward and, along with Minato, erected a barrier around the Ten-Tails to confine it. Sasuke arrived shortly too, at whose request the previous Hokage were reincarnated byOrochimaruand who now opposed Obito and Madara. Their fellowRookie Ninehad set aside their differences with Sasuke for the time being and joined forces in launching an attack against the Ten-Tails'cruft. On Sai's advice, Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura all summoned their signature animals (Naruto calling onGamakichi) in order to focus directly on the Ten-Tails itself. Naruto and Sasuke successfully damaged the Ten-Tails' arm with a combinedScorch Release: Halo Hurricane Jet Black Arrow Style Zero, but it merely removed the arm to prevent the flames of Sasuke'sAmaterasufrom spreading. Before they could attack again, Obito returned, landing on top of the Ten-Tails head and seemingly about to use theSamsara of Heavenly Life Techniqueto restore Madara to life. While everyone focused on stopping Obito, Naruto couldn't help but notice that thehand sealshe was using were different from what Nagato used. Minato tried to cut Obito down, but discovered that it was too late as he sealed the Ten-Tails into his body, becoming its jinchūriki. Main article:Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. Obito used his new power to destroy the barrier, forcing the Hokage to put the energy they were using toward the barrier into the fight instead. Because they had immortal bodies, they launched the first attack so that the others could learn what they could about Obito's new abilities, but they were quickly defeated. Naruto and Sasuke engaged him as well, but were nearly killed, saved only by Naruto using hischakra armsto link to Minato so he could teleport them to safety. Just as before, Naruto and Sasuke combined their attacks, having Minato and the Second Hokage coordinate teleports so that the attack would connect. Obito'sTruth-Seeking Ballsdissipated much of the attack and the damage that he did incur was quickly regenerated. Naruto attacks Obito after discovering his weakness. From the development and some of the previous exchanges, Minato concluded that Obito was able to neutraliseninjutsu. Gamakichi, wanting to make some final contribution to the fight before he was forced to return toMount Myōboku, attacked with hisStarch Syrup Gun. Minato took this opportunity to try and reason with Obito, reminding him of his former dream to become Hokage. Obito berated the title and those who had held it, as he had surpassed them. Naruto was insulted not only because that was a slight against his father, but also because he hadn't abandoned his dream of being Hokage like Obito had. The Second Hokage teleported him to Obito and he attacked with a Rasengan, which successfully damaged Obito; Naruto noticed that Gamakichi's attack wasn't neutralised and realised Obito was vulnerable tosenjutsu. Kurama and its jinchūriki join forces. With a weakness discovered, Obito trapped the Alliance in abarrierand began charging multiple Tailed Beast Balls that he would use to wipe out everyone within its confines. Minato noted that he wouldn't be able to teleport them all away in time, so Naruto came up with a different approach: he linked his chakra with Minato and remotely restored the Alliance's chakra cloaks, networking everyone in with Minato'sFlying Thunder God Technique, allowing him to teleport everyone out of the barrier. Minato did so and was afterwards very proud of his son, saying he wished they had more time to talk. Naruto replied that it was not necessary since he already methis motherand that she explained everything. Naruto and Minato each entered Tailed Beast Modes, with Naruto merging his with Sage Mode in order to imbue their shared Rasengan with senjutsu. The Second teleported them to Obito and they attacked, but he blocked it with his Truth-Seeking Balls. A senjutsu-enhanced Naruto and Sasuke attack Obito. To move ahead with his plans, Obito created a replica of theGod Tree, the first step in performing theInfinite Tsukuyomi. The tree started absorbing chakra from those nearby until they die, a fate that Naruto nearly succumbed to until he was saved by the Third Hokage. Obito pointed to the growing number of casualties as further evidence that Naruto should stop resisting, an argument that Naruto was increasingly having trouble ignoring. Sasuke, unmoved by Obito's words, used Susanoo to hack through the tree and then mocked Naruto for giving up. Naruto was reminded of his desire to not lose Sasuke or anyone else for that matter and, reinvigorated, joined Sasuke in the offensive. Although their senjutsu-enhanced Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo could compete with Obito, they were individually unable to defeat him. Obito continued trying to convince Naruto to stop, but he ignored him. Naruto and Sasuke slash through Obito. Sasuke then coated his Susanoo around Naruto's Tailed Beast Mode, granting the Kurama-avatar a sword and armour. Sensing that it was the final exchange, Obito created asword and shieldof his own out of Truth-Seeking Balls. Naruto created a Rasengan in each of the Kurama-avatar's tails, which his friends from Konoha guide in a coordinated assault to Obito's shield, destroying it. As soon as Naruto and Sasuke sliced through Obito with their sword, the tailed beasts then began to emerge from the Uchiha's body, giving Naruto and the combined Allied Shinobi Forces the opportunity to pull them out. The tug-of-war for the tailed beasts linked Naruto's consciousness with Obito's. Naruto reminded Obito of his earlier claim that he was nobody and set out to prove to him that he was Obito Uchiha, specifically the Obito Uchiha that Kakashi used to know. Naruto pointed out their similarities, how both were orphans and that, because of that, they wanted to be Hokage. Obito agreed that they were similar, but that was the reason why he has been trying so hard to convince Naruto that he was right, and insisted that the world he wanted to create was a better one because his vision of the future was clear, whereas the future of the current world was ambiguous. Naruto argued that was the point and that uncertainty, when faced with comrades, was worthwhile, and offered Obito his hand so that they might see what happened together. Kurama is extracted from Naruto by Madara. The Allies successfully removed the tailed beasts from Obito and he fell to the ground, defeated. Minato and Kakashi insisted that Obito be left to them while Naruto and the rest of the Alliance should focus on Madara. They did so, joining forces with the First Hokage against him, but right before he could seal him, Madara put one final fail-safe into effect: he hadBlack Zetsuforce Obito to revive him. Madara quickly neutralised the First, fended off Naruto, Sasuke, and Sai, and then went after the freed tailed beasts. Naruto entered Tailed Beast Mode and assisted them with fighting him off. They were initially successful, but when Madara reacquired one of hisRinnegan, he easily defeated them withLimbo: Border Jail, sealing them all back into the Demonic Statue, including B's Gyūki and Naruto's Kurama. Obito transfers his tailed beasts' chakra into Naruto. The removal of Kurama from his body caused Naruto to pass out and placed his life in immediate danger. HisUzumakiheritage prevented him from dying instantly, but he required constant medical attention from Sakura in order to keep him alive. On the advice of Kurama right before it was extracted, Gaara took Naruto to Minato so that Minato's portion of Kurama's chakra could be sealed into him, saving him. Kakashi sent Naruto and Sakura toKamui's dimensionso that she could continue performing life support without interruption. Obito soon arrived to help her, having overcome both Black Zetsu and Madara in order to acquire Minato's half of Kurama and give it to Naruto, as his form of penance. Naruto and Sasuke accept Hagoromo's power. While on the border of life and death, Naruto was met by the Sage of Six Paths,Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki. He explained his past conflicts with his mother,Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, and the conflicts that emerged between his sons,AsuraandIndra. His sons' conflict had continued through the centuries, with their chakra reincarnated every generation in new individuals to fight anew; Naruto was the current reincarnation of Asura, while Sasuke was the reincarnation of Indra. Naruto was not greatly surprised, having sensed something like that when he met Sasuke during theFive Kage Summit. Because of Madara's aims for the world, Hagoromo asked that he and Sasuke join forces to stop him, a task he was only encouraged by from the tailed beasts' positive words concerning Naruto. He gave Naruto theSix Paths Yang Power,half his chakraandSix Paths Sage Modeto help him in this goal. Naruto and Sasuke strike Madara. When Naruto woke up, he had Obito send him back to the real world. There, he stopped Madara from killing Might Guy and used Hagoromo's power to stabilise Guy's life force from using theEight Gates Released Formation. Surprised by Naruto's sudden increase in power, Madara was hit by Naruto'sSage Art: Lava Release Rasenshuriken, which was fueled by Son Gokū's chakra and instantly cut down the giant tree Obito created earlier. When Sasuke arrived, Naruto enteredSix Paths Sage Modeand they started overwhelming Madara. Realising his window was closing, Madara went after Kakashi and took his Mangekyō Sharingan, using it to follow Obito. Sakura appeared shortly afterward, sent by Obito so Madara wouldn't kill her. She could do nothing about Kakashi's eye, so Naruto used Hagoromo's power to restore the one he lost years ago. Naruto's clones facing Madara's clones. Madara soon returned, now having both his Rinnegan and Black Zetsu in control of Obito's body. Naruto and Sasuke immediately resumed their attack, but Madara had an easier time with them. He rose into the sky, rainingChibaku Tenseion them to keep them busy while he projected theInfinite Tsukuyomion the world. While Naruto destroyed the remaining satellite-like constructs, Sasuke shielded him, Sakura, and Kakashi with Susanoo from the Infinite Tsukuyomi's gaze. He let them out once the illusion was finished casting and they emerged to find themselves alone, with the rest of the world being wrapped into Madara'sGod: Nativity of a World of Trees. As Madara confronted them and started explaining how he had saved the world, he was stabbed in the back by Black Zetsu. Black Zetsu then transferred to Madara's body from Obito's and forced him to absorb the world's chakra, converting him into a woman that Naruto and Sasuke recognised as Kaguya Ōtsutsuki. Main article:Kaguya Ōtsutsuki StrikesKaguya detected that Naruto and Sasuke as the reincarnations of Asura and Indra, and also that her son Hagoromo had given them the power to defeat her. Not wanting to further the damage the world that their fighting would cause, sheshiftedthem all to one ofher dimensions, placing them above a sea of lava. Sasuke summoned hishawkGarudato save himself and Naruto, but ignored Naruto's pleas to save Sakura, Kakashi, and Obito too since only he and Naruto were vital to the fight. Kakashi was able to briefly stop their fall, but the heat burned the scroll he used to save them and it was only Naruto's sudden discovery that he was able to levitate that saved them from the lava. He left a shadow clone to hold onto them and engaged Kaguya, creating an opening for Sasuke to attack. Kaguya thwarts Naruto and Sasuke's sealing attempt. Sasuke's attack failed and Naruto must save him from the lava. With their attacks ineffective and the environment such a hazard, Naruto and Sasuke discussed what to do. Kaguya appeared behind them and paralysed them, binding them with Black Zetsu while she started absorbing their chakra. Black Zetsu took the opportunity to expand on the history earlier given by Hagoromo, painting Kaguya as the victim of her sons, Hagoromo andHamura. Black Zetsu had for centuries been manipulating others toward the outcome of reviving her, and only then had it finally succeeded. It encouraged them to bask in the embrace of their oblivion, but Naruto refused, breaking himself and Sasuke free. Needing to take drastic action, Naruto used his ""ultimate"" jutsu:Sexy: Reverse Harem Technique. Kaguya was so distracted that she was nearly sealed, but she recomposed herself in time to shift dimensions again, freezing Naruto and Sasuke in place. Naruto overwhelms Kaguya with shadow clones. Because Naruto and Sasuke were only a threat to her when together, KaguyasentSasuke to a different dimension while she focused on Naruto. While Kaguya manipulated the ice dimension against him, his shadow clone explained to Kakashi, Sakura, and the now-awake Obito that his and Sasuke's powers were both necessary to defeat her. Obito offered to use his Kamui to try and explore Kaguya's dimensions to find Sasuke. To give Obito an opening, Naruto usedNaruto Region Comboto overwhelm Kaguya, forcing her to retreat to another dimension to get her bearings. When she did so, Obito infiltrated the dimension Kaguya went to with Sakura and the shadow clone. The shadow clone faced her so that she wouldn't notice them while they look for Sasuke. Kaguya returned to the ice dimension and resumed her fight with the army of Naruto's clones. He kept her preoccupied until Obito returned with Sasuke. Naruto separates Black Zetsu from Kaguya. Increasingly frustrated, Kaguya shifted them to another dimension with powerful gravity to immobilise Naruto and Sasuke while she attacked with herAll-Killing Ash Bones. Kakashi and Obito used themselves to shield the attack, with Obito then using Kamui to protect Kakashi, leaving Obito unable to defend himself. Naruto tried to heal the damage to his body, but even Hagoromo's power couldn't save him. While Sasuke fought Kaguya, Obito thanked Naruto for reminding him of who he was and made him promise to become Hokage for both their sakes. Naruto agreed and Obito's body crumbled. Black Zetsu ridiculed Obito for living an insignificant life and dying an insignificant death. Enraged, Naruto severed Kaguya's arm, in the sleeve of which Black Zetsu had been hiding, and then pinned it to the ground with his Truth-Seeking Balls. Team 7 defeats Kaguya. Naruto and his shadow clones attacked Kaguya withSage Art: Super Tailed Beast Rasenshuriken. On impact, the tailed beasts' chakra within her began reacting and Kaguya started losing control of her form. She was able to reconfigure herself and prepared anExpansive Truth-Seeking Ballto destroy them. Kakashi interfered, using Susanoo (a last gift from Obito) to make an opening for Naruto and Sasuke. She tried to escape, but Sakura punched her to keep her in place, allowing Naruto and Sasuke to triggerSix Paths — Chibaku Tensei. The tailed beasts were removed from her, Madara was spat out, and she was entombed in her own dimension. Not wanting Black Zetsu to scheme for her release again, Naruto made a point to trap it with her but not before telling it that a spoiled brat like it has no right to compare itself with the men and women who truly shaped shinobi history. Minato wishes happy birthday to Naruto. Team 7 wondered how they would return to their world. Sensing their need, Hagoromo combined the efforts of the dead Kage to summon them, the tailed beasts, and Madara back. Hagoromo thanked them for saving the world, as did the tailed beasts for saving them. Naruto happily greeted to his original Kurama, asking if it missed him, to which the flustered fox denied. After Madara died from his ordeal, Naruto met with Minato who, as day broke, wished him a happy seventeenth birthday. As Hagoromo returned Minato's and the souls of the other dead Kage to thePure Land, Minato voiced his pride in Naruto and promised to tell Kushina everything about him. The other Kage also gave words of parting, which Naruto tearfully accepted. With all threats gone, Hagoromo explained that the Infinite Tsukuyomi could be released if Naruto and Sasuke combine their chakra. Sasuke agreed to this, but first he wanted to kill the Kage and destroy the tailed beasts, believing both were inhibitive to world peace. When he was unwilling to back down from his threat, the tailed beasts moved in to stop Sasuke, but he captured each in their own Chibaku Tensei. Hagoromo recognised that as a continuation of Indra's feud with Asura, but lacked the time and power to do anything about it. Sakura tried to reason with Sasuke, but he knocked her out and left. Naruto followed after him, promising to Hagoromo that he would bring him around and finally end the centuries-long feud. Naruto and Sasuke begin their rematch at the Valley of the End. Naruto and Sasuke ended up at theValley of the End, where they fought years ago. Sasuke stated his willingness to bear the world's burdens by himself and live independently of the past, neither of which Naruto believed were possible, or at least wise. He tells Sasuke it's impossible to do everything alone like he plans to, pointing to the missteps Itachi made and their own successful teamwork against Kaguya. Sasuke replies that he only wants to remake a better world, one where he can, like Itachi before, be solely responsible for the difficult decisions that must be made so that nobody else needs to; this is what he believes a true ""Hokage"" to be. Naruto insists he will be Hokage, not Sasuke, because Sasuke is still going against what Itachi wanted for him and they start fighting. Naruto and Sasuke's attacks collide. After a brief exchange of blows reminiscent of their fight years ago, Naruto and Sasuke started trading punches with their Tailed Beast Mode and Susanoo respectively. Sasuke chastised Naruto for not attacking with an intent to kill, but Naruto, like last time, was unwilling to do so, not wishing for either of them to go without the other. Naruto then clashed his Tailed Beast Ball with Sasuke's Susanoo-supported Chidori, producing a large explosion that does noticeable but not debilitating damage to their respective avatars. Each therefore powered up the avatars, Sasuke by channelling the captured tailed beasts into his Susanoo and Naruto by merging his avatar with the avatars of two shadow clones. The two met attacks once again, creating a giant explosion that stripped away their avatars and left them with too little chakra to use practically. They instead resorted totaijutsu, kicking and punching each other into the night. Naruto and Sasuke's final clash. As the two battled near exhaustion, Kurama mustered enough chakra for Naruto to make one last attack, but Sasukeabsorbedit. Having expected this, Naruto delivered a solid punch, finally irritating Sasuke over the endless repetition of their fight. Kurama gave the last of its chakra to Naruto, who used it to make a Rasengan to counter Sasuke's Chidori. Both woke up later to find that much of the Valley of the End had been destroyed, that they had each lost an arm, and that neither could move. Sasuke reflected that Naruto had been a constant obstacle to his goals, but that he was also the only person who never given up on him. Naruto's usual response that they were friends didn't convince Sasuke since it obviously went beyond, so Naruto elaborated that he experienced pain if he didn't have Sasuke. Sasuke was awed, knowing full well that Naruto had experienced various misfortunes in his life, smiled through all of them, yet would suffer without Sasuke. Naruto and Sasuke reconnect. When they woke up the next day, Sasuke admitted defeat for the first time in his life, as he came to accept that Naruto was just as vital to him as he was to Naruto. Kakashi and Sakura eventually tracked them down and Sakura healed them, though she couldn't do anything about their missing arms. Once they were able to walk, they returned to where the Allied Shinobi Forces were all trapped still, dispelled the Infinite Tsukuyomi according to Hagoromo's instructions, and Sasuke released the tailed beasts. With the war over, Naruto returns to the village, where he attends a mass funeral for the participants of the war. In the anime, while recovering from his injuries, Gaara and A approach Naruto and thank him for his effort during the war. Shikamaru later brings Naruto to the Academy to meet with Iruka and Kakashi, who is considering on promoting Naruto as a jōnin. However, because he never got to retake the Chūnin Exams, Naruto has to complete two years worth of studies, much to his dismay. However, Naruto is cheered up as Iruka offers to help him.[155] Naruto and Sasuke part ways. Months after the war, Sasuke was pardoned for his crimes on the good word of Naruto and Kakashi (who had been selected to become the Sixth Hokage). Just before Sasuke left Konoha to wander the world, he was met by Naruto, who returned to him hisforehead protector. Main article:Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy SkyNearly a year after the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Naruto and Sai were sent to theLand of Wavesto captureGaryō, leader of theRyūha Armament Alliance. Once they located the Alliance's hideout, Naruto launched an assault with multiple shadow clones; although he was still missing an arm, he had learned how to perform one-handedhand seals. He easily dealt with most of the Alliance's members, but was briefly stalled by theIce Releaseof Garyō'sbodyguard. Naruto distracted the bodyguard with a shadow clone for long enough to apprehend Garyō. Garyō tried to convince Naruto that the Alliance was doing good work by releasing the world from money's corruptive influence. Although sympathetic, Naruto couldn't abide their terrorist actions and escaped with Garyō on Sai'sbird. At some point within the next two months, Naruto received a prosthetic arm to replace the one he lost during the war. While eating atRamen Ichirakuone day, he saw Kakashi walking by and asked him when he would officially take on the responsibilities of Hokage. He tried to convince Kakashi by listing the many shortcomings of Tsunade, unaware that she was standing behind him; she angrily knocked Naruto unconscious. Kakashi finally accepted the Hokage position shortly after the mission involving the Ryūha Armament Alliance and theBlood Prison. When Naruto learned about the mission, specifically that he was expressly forbidden from being informed about it at the time, Naruto started spreading rumours about Kakashi's relationship with the Blood Prison's new warden,Kahyō. Kakashi angrily attacked him and then bought him some ramen to apologise. Main articles:Shikamaru Hiden (novel)andShikamaru Hiden (anime)Naruto ran intoShikamaruearly one morning and they discussed their heavy workloads for theShinobi Union. Since Naruto's assignments were given to him by Shikamaru, he took the opportunity to complain. Shikamaru explained that Naruto, a prime candidate for an eventual Hokage position, needed to get used to it. Naruto later discussed what Shikamaru had said withSakura, having sensed that there was something Shikamaru was keeping from him. Sakura reminded Naruto of all the work Shikamaru did to prepare Naruto for becoming Hokage and that it likely had something to do with that. Naruto was aware of all that Shikamaru did on his behalf, but wondered if he was worth Shikamaru's trouble. A few days later, Naruto was approached byTemari, who was worried about Shikamaru's recent behaviour and now asked where he was. Naruto didn't know, and was troubled to find that neither didChōjiorIno. He finally asked Kakashi, who admitted under pressure that Shikamaru was on a secret assignment to theLand of Silence. Naruto joined Temari's team ofSunaninja to go to the Land of Silence to provide assistance to Shikamaru. They interrogated the locals upon arrival and learned that Shikamaru had been captured by theEnlightened Ones. They attacked the prison where Shikamaru was being held and successfully freed him, enabling him to complete his mission by taking the country's leader,Gengo, into custody. Afterwards, Naruto demanded that Shikamaru never keep anything from him again, otherwise their future Hokage—advisor relationship would be very problematic. Shikamaru agreed and apologised. While Shikamaru returned to Konoha, Naruto and several other Konoha and Suna shinobi remain in the Land of Silence to help the country recover from Gengo's control. Main article:The Last: Naruto the Movie Naruto vs. Toneri's puppets. During theRinne Festival, Naruto, being the hero of the village, was bombarded with gifts from various young Konoha residents. To distract Naruto from all the attention,Konohamaruinvited him over tohis grandfather's storage, where Naruto found a scarf thathis motherhad knitted for him before she passed. He happily began wearing the scarf around the village, treating it as a precious memento. Naruto attempted to discuss his new-found attention toHinataover ramen, but it made her uncomfortable and ran away with embarrassment, much to his confusion and leading him to chase after her. While looking for her, Naruto stumbled across a horde ofpuppetstrying to abduct Hinata. After he rescued her, they were notified that Hinata's sisterHanabiwas kidnapped byToneri Ōtsutsuki, and were assigned on ateamto rescue her. Kakashi informed the team of the imminent crashing of themoononto the Earth, and asked that they do what they can to stop it in case Toneri was connected in any way. They followed Hanabi's trail and were led into a cave. While traveling through it, they were caught ingenjutsuformed from their own memories. From seeing events of his own past and some of Hinata's, Naruto was reminded of her feelings for him and realised that he felt the same way. Sakura released them from the genjutsu and they continued with the mission. After the team encountered theGatekeeper, Naruto noticed that Hinata was missing and left to find her, only to discover that she was in a conversation with adisguisedToneri who he quickly defeated. Hinata wouldn't share what she discussed with the puppet, so Naruto vowed not to let her out of his sight again. They continued through the cave and eventually arrived in the moon's interior, which the team then split up to investigate the surroundingsettlement. Naruto confesses to Hinata. After the team regrouped, Naruto watched Hinata as she repaired her ruined scarf. She expressed her concerns that she wasn't doing enough to save her sister, so Naruto reassured her and also told her how he felt. Toneri appeared before she could respond, prompting Hinata to give Naruto the scarf and departed with Toneri. Naruto chased after them, believing Hinata was being taken against her will. When Hinata did not deny Toneri's statement about them getting married, Naruto became too shocked to react. Toneri attacked him, destroying the scarf and leaving him badly injured. After three days of around-the-clock medical attention from Sakura, he woke up. Naruto was distraught, believing there was no reason to go on if Hinata had chosen Toneri. Sakura reassured him that Hinata couldn't really have feelings for Toneri as she loved Naruto too much, and had a reason for doing what she did. As his strength returned, Naruto vowed he would save Hinata and for her to wait for him. Naruto fighting Toneri. The team soon infiltrated Toneri's castle and afterlocatingHinata, Naruto went after her while the others rescued Hanabi. He arrived in time to interrupt Toneri's and Hinata's wedding ceremony. Toneri, who wascontrollingHinata, had her attack Naruto, only for him to break his control and escape with her. Hinata led him to theTenseiganthat was controlling the moon's decent, which they individually tried to destroy to no success, buttogetherthey succeeded. After regrouping with the others, Hinata gave Naruto a piece of the scarf she knitted for him, which he graciously accepted. The team then attempted to flee the castle, but a furious Toneri appeared and separated the group, which gave him the opportunity to recapture Hinata. During their intense fight, Naruto managed to overcome Toneri'snew powerand overwhelm him by concentrating all his chakra into his fist and defeated him with a single punch, freeing Hinata in the process. Naruto and Hinata kiss. Toneri tried onefinal attack, but was unable to control its power, leading to Naruto to intervene and save him from drifting out into space. Afterwards, Hinata informed Toneri of Hamura's actual decree and he, regretful about what he did, allowed the team to return home. As they were returning to Earth, Naruto reaffirmed his feelings for Hinata and stated that he wanted to be with her for the rest of his life, much to her happiness, and the two later shared their first kiss. Main article:Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring BreezeWhile Naruto and Hinata wereout on a datein Konoha, they ran into Sakura. Sensing that Sakura was overworking herself, they invited her to join them, but she declined. One day, while Naruto was teaching a class ofAcademy studentshow to spar, he noticed Sakura, who was wandering around Konoha, looking distressed. Sensing that she needed a distraction, Naruto insisted that she help him, which took her mind off recent events. As thanks, Sakura informed Naruto of something she avoided telling him: there were rumours that Sasuke was trying to destroy Konoha. She didn't believe the rumours were true, but nobody had been able to get in touch with Sasuke to confirm. Naruto pointed out that Sasuke must not be worried by these rumours, otherwise he would respond to the messages he'd been sent. Sakura thought that was a good point and was put at ease. When Naruto and Hinata later learned that Sakura had been kidnapped byKido Tsumiki, they joined with Kakashi in going to rescue her. On finding her, however, they discovered that she had already defeated Kido. They congratulated her on her victory. Main articles:Konoha Hiden (novel)andKonoha Hiden (anime) Naruto and Hinata preparing to be wed. Naruto and Hinata decided to get married and invited their friends and family. Because his parents were dead, Naruto askedIrukato attend as his father, which Iruka happily agreed to. On the day of the wedding, though, Naruto kept his real father in his thoughts, looking uponMinato's face on theHokage Rockwith admiration as he and Hinata were about to walk down the aisle. Main articles:Sasuke Shinden (novel)andSasuke Shinden (anime)Naruto appears in the novel. Naruto and Hinata raising their children. Shortly after their wedding, Naruto and Hinata hada son, and two years later they hada daughter. In the anime, over the years, Naruto was constantly busy, leading to him not taking the Chūnin Exams. Despite being a genin, Naruto was selected to succeed Kakashi and become the Seventh Hokage.[156]On the day of his inauguration, Boruto accidentally destroyed Himawari's toy, leading to Naruto stepping in to defend his son from Himawari'sGentle Fist-strike, but ended up taking the blow instead, rendering him unconscious. He ended up missing his own inauguration, forcing Konohamaru toimpersonate himduring the ceremony.[157]As Hokage, he hosted aKage Summitin Konoha, in which Sasuke and Sakura attended alongside the fourKageand their bodyguards. During the meeting, Sasuke reported that athreatgreater than Kaguya may still exist somewhere, which Naruto and the other Kage decided to keep the information between themselves to avoid causing a panic.[158] Main articles:Sasuke RetsudenandSasuke Retsuden (manga)When Naruto became afflicted with an unknown illness, Sasuke decided to go to theLand of Redakuwhen learning of stories that the Sage of Six Paths had the same illness and found a cure there. Naruto tried to talk Sasuke out of it, but he ignored his pleas. Ultimately, Sasuke, with the help of Sakura and Kakashi, were able to find the cure,polar particles. Upon recovering, Naruto thanks his friends for their efforts Main article:Academy Entrance Arc Naruto welcoming the Academy students. In the anime, Naruto partakes in the entrance ceremony at the Academy, which leads to him being mortified after Boruto arrives and damages theHokage Rock. After the incident, Naruto learns from theKaminarimon Company presidentthat Boruto is having a positive impact on hisson, leading to Naruto smiling. Later, as amysterious presencecontinues to cause people in the village to randomly attack the citizens, Naruto decides to begin an investigation, which uncovers that victims are having their chakra severely drained to the point of hospitalisation. Naruto and Hiashi discuss Boruto's training. In the anime, as the mysterious attack began to happen throughout the village, Naruto's efforts to uncover the truth began to exhaust him and being insisted by Shikamaru to go home and rest. Upon arriving, he learned that Boruto was acting very strange recently. Once confronting his son about his new attitude, Boruto insisted that he had finally manifested his Byakugan, leading them to talk toHiashi. Upon arriving at his household, Hiashi like Naruto had doubts that Boruto awakened the Byakugan. Deciding to test Boruto, Hanabi faces Boruto, which concluded that Boruto hadn't manifested thedōjutsu. Afterwards, Naruto talked with Hiashi about his grandchildren. After assigning Sai to investigate the attacks in the village, he returned home late, and confided in Hinata about his ineptitude in interacting with his children, believing it to stem from his growing up without parents. Sometime later, Naruto saved civilians at the Konoha Purification Plant. As Boruto decided to check on his hospitalised friends, realising that his son was conducting his own investigation on the attacks, Naruto dragged Boruto to the surgery room, showing his son what was becoming of the victims of prolonged rampages. While hoping to sway Boruto into staying out of this matter, it only strengthened Boruto's resolve. Shino then appeared, encouraging Naruto to have faith in his son as the teacher himself was recently saved by Boruto's efforts. While still weary, Naruto decided to trust Shino's judgement. While having dinner with his family andMitsuki, Naruto abruptly departs to handle a matter involving strange chakra spreading across Konoha. Soon after, Sai discovered that the culprit behind these attacks wasSumire Kakei. Naruto learned from Kakashi that Sumire's intention was to unleash theGozu Tennōon the village. Later, when Sai found Sumire, she unleashed theNue. Naruto soon joined the unit to fend off the creature, but Kakashi warned Naruto to not get close, having realised that the endgame of this creature was to amass enough chakra to produce a powerful enough explosion to destroy the village. While the barrier team worked to keep the creature at bay, it suddenly teleported away. As Naruto attempted to find the creature with Sage Mode, Kakashi deduced that the creature worked differently from normal summonings, existing naturally in its own separate dimension. Naruto meets up with Sasuke. Upon Sumire turning herself in, Sai and Shikamaru notified him that it's due to Boruto appealing to Sumire's genuine love of her friends in the Academy, making Naruto relieved that decided to admit her in the first place. Later, he informs Boruto that while he must look to the welfare of the entire village and does not have absolute say, he promises to help Sumire. Ultimately, it was decided to pardon Sumire and let her return to the Academy. Later, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke, giving him the research on theGozu Tennō. Sasuke quickly deduced that this was an attempt on Danzō to recreate Kaguya's technique. Before Sasuke departs, he asks Naruto to apologise to Sakura for his continued absence, leading to Naruto feeling responsible for. Main article:Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring Naruto and Boruto having dinner at Ichiraku Ramen. In the anime, when Himawari became sick due to a fever, Naruto hurried home worried about her in which Boruto pointed out that his Hokage cloak is inside out. When Naruto and Boruto began fighting over what Himawari should eat, Hinata became angry and kicked them both out of the house due to them being noisy. Naruto then invited Boruto to eat with him at Ramen Ichiraku to try to bond with him in which he accepted. As they ate, Naruto told his son about all the precious memories he had in the shop, such as being acknowledged by Iruka, hanging out with Team 7, and going on his firstdatewith Hinata. On the day of theFive Kage Summitin Konoha,Moegi KazamatsuriandUdon Isenotify Naruto that Boruto had vandalised theHokage Rock. Before Boruto could do any more damage, Naruto catches and stops him. Afterwards, he gives his son a lecture about how the whole village is his family. The ordeal leads to Naruto arriving late to the kage meeting, which he apologies for.[159] As Boruto's graduation exam from theAcademywas approaching, Naruto used a shadow clone to help him train. Meanwhile, the real Naruto received a report from Sasuke about aboywith the Sharingan. After he consulted with Kakashi about it, Naruto decided to accompany Sasuke to a meeting withOrochimaru, leaving behind a shadow clone to manage Konoha in his absence. He made a point to leave the village before Boruto could come to see him off, though he asked Shikamaru to apologise to Boruto on his behalf. Naruto protecting Sarada and Chōchō from Shin's attack. While on his way to the rendezvous point, Naruto sensed that he was being followed bySarada UchihaandChōchō Akimichi. He initially tried to ignore them, but eventually decided it would be better to confront them than to let them continue coming after him. When he arrived to speak with them, however, he found them being attacked by the same boy from Sasuke's report. Although he was pleased that they were able to hold their own against their attacker, Naruto decided to get personally involved when he saw the boy had aMangekyō Sharingan. The boy could do nothing against Naruto's Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, so he fled with acreature'sspace–time ninjutsu. Because the boy was apparently after Sarada, Naruto allowed them to come with him so that he could keep them safe. Naruto comforts Sarada. While having lunch, Naruto told Sarada about what her father was like growing up and then informed both Sarada and Chōchō in what ways they take after their parents. Sarada was not only interested to hear about Sasuke, but also found she got along quite well with Naruto. As they got close to where they were supposed to meet up with Sasuke, Sarada used the bathroom as an excuse to sneek away from Naruto and Chōchō so that she could see him first. Naruto followed, and, on arrival, was reprimanded by Sasuke for bringing children with him. Sarada explained that she came without permission, as she wanted to know if Sakura was her real mother. Sasuke ignored the question, which only upset her and caused her to storm out. Naruto tried to comfort her, but his assurances that Sasuke meant well did not improve her mood. Before he could continue, he sensed the boy's return and defended Sarada as the boy and his father,Shin Uchiha, attack. Sasuke assisted in fighting off Shin and his son, but Shin was able tomanipulateSasuke's sword and used it to stab Naruto. Naruto continued attacking Shin despite his injury, though tried to use being impaled by the sword to win sympathy; Kurama ridiculed Naruto for allowing himself to be stabbed at all, but assured him that it wouldn't kill him. Sakura suddenly arrived to lend assistance and landed a fatal blow on Shin, forcing Shin to escape and took Sakura with him. Unable to detect where Shin had taken Sakura, they continued to Orochimaru's lair. Orochimaru informed them that Shin was an old experiment of his that he since lost control of. Naruto noticed Sarada sneaking off withSuigetsu Hōzukiduring Orochimaru's explanation and followed them, listening in as Suigetsu ran a DNA test that suggested Sarada's real mother was actuallyKarin. Not knowing what the truth was, Naruto was upset first with Sasuke for the secret he has seemingly been keeping, but also with Suigetsu for getting involved. He approached Sarada to discuss it with her, but she lashed out at him, believing he had been a knowing participant in the lie that Sakura was her mother. When she tried to insist that having no blood relation to Sakura meant they weren't family, Naruto took a firm stance: he wasn't related to most of Konoha's villagers, yet he still considered them his family because they were important to him. In the same way, Sakura and Sarada were family because they were important to each other. Sarada realised how much she loved Sakura and decided she wanted to help rescue her. They reunited with the others and head out for Shin's hideout. Naruto facing a Shin clone. Using Sasuke'sRinnegan, they were able to reach where Shin took Sakura, only to find Sakura faring fine on her own fighting him. With the numbers against him growing, Shin called in his sons (actually his clones) to assist, but they turned against him and killed him because he always mistreated them. The clones then turned their attention to Naruto and the others, which Naruto engaged with his own shadow clones. Because they were only children, he frightened them into surrendering by manifesting Kurama. After learning that Sakura indeed was her biological mother, Sarada reconciled with her parents, much to Naruto's happiness. Then, they all returned to Konoha, with Shin's clones being delivered to theKonoha Orphanage. Main article:School Trip ArcIn the anime, to improve relationships with other villages and symbolically show the warring era was over, Naruto set up an official class trip for the Academy to go to Kirigakure. Working out the details withChōjūrō, he also got a tour guide for the class. Main article:Graduation Exams Arc Naruto training with Konoha-nin. In the anime, as Academy classes began preparing for the graduation exams, the various students were interviewed about their future goals alongside a parent. Naruto however was unable to join his son as he was busy discussing matters with Orochimaru about his research on Danzō's old experiments. As Orochimaru delivered promising results to aid Sasuke in his own investigations, while Shikamaru voiced his still limited trust in Orochimaru, Naruto was more relaxed about Orochimaru roaming the village. On Boruto's first day as a genin, Naruto managed to get some time to have breakfast with his family and see Boruto off to be assigned his team. After Boruto left, Shikamaru went to Naruto's house to collect him and inform him of his various duties for the day. Later on, Naruto was in a field testing a number of shinobi's skills inBarrier Ninjutsuto better protect the village withMirai Sarutobias his escort for the day. When Boruto and his teammates came to him, he was thinking that they want to change teams, but was pleasantly surprised when instead they want their team denomination to be changed to Team 7. Main article:Genin Mission ArcIn the anime, as the recently promoted genin began to prepare for their first missions, Naruto prepared to present them, as it was customary. While Boruto began bragging about how easy it will, Naruto sternly warned him not to be so cocky. He presented Team 7 with a D-rank mission to aid the Green Banks Village who were being attacked by bandits for their crops. Naruto stressed that the team show team-work to complete the mission. Main article:Byakuya Gang Arc Naruto quelling the protest. In the anime, when theByakuya Gangbegan conducting heists throughout Konoha, their act of distributing their stolen wealth to the poor began gaining much support from many of the villagers, leading to a protest breaking out after the group fooled the villages into believing the Kaminarimon Company was corrupt. After shinobi determined that the leaders of the protest were being manipulated bygenjutsuand freed them, Naruto and his clones appeared before the crowds and began quelling them with his speech. Straight after, Naruto headed towards the Land of Fire's border where he apprehendedGekkō, who had used the riots as a distraction to steal theMagnum Opusfrom theNinjutsu Research Centre. Main articles:Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child DayandParent and Child Day ArcNOTE:In the anime, the events of this arc occur after theMitsuki's Disappearance Arc. Naruto and Himawari spending Parent and Child Day together. After announcingParent and Child Day, Shikamaru took care of Naruto's paperwork, allowing him to spend time with Himawari. Despite being sleep deprived, Naruto accepted his daughter's wish and began searching for a Kurama doll with her. After being joined by Kiba during their unsuccessful search, he bought Himawari a Shukaku doll, to which she enjoyed. Later, with Himawari going to bed with Hinata, Naruto approached Boruto and apologised for not having spent any time during the holiday with his son. He gave Boruto a custom shuriken as a present and the two decided to spend the remainder of the evening training together. Main articles:Boruto: Naruto the MovieandVersus Momoshiki ArcIn the anime, on the day of Boruto's birthday, work got in the way, making him unable to attend, instead only arriving home late at night with only a birthday present as an apology. Later, as more investigations to the workings of Kaguya continued, a third Ōtsutsuki clan ruin tied to her was found. Determined to find out all he could, Naruto prepared to investigate it personally. One the way out, Naruto was approached by his son, demanding that his father promised he would show up for Himawari's birthday that was coming up, which he did. Naruto exhausted from overusing his clones. Later, Naruto remained busy with his Hokage duties and continued having a strained relationship with his son, Boruto. Konoha has grown into a large city under Naruto's leadership, although Naruto is overwhelmed with the responsibilities of being Hokage, leading him to create shadow clones to tend to his family and the villagers. When Boruto and histeamreport to Naruto after a mission, Naruto asked his son to address him as ""the Seventh"" instead of ""Dad,"" and reminded him of the importance of teamwork, which annoyed his son, as he believed that he could handle anything on his own. Boruto warned his father to be home for Himawari's birthday party or else he will never forgive him.Katasuke Tōnothen entered his office, requesting permission from Naruto to allow participants of the upcoming Chūnin Exams to use his new invention, theKote. However Naruto refused on the grounds that it did not show one's true abilities as a shinobi. Naruto was unable to make it to his daughter's birthday party and sent a shadow clone instead. However, the clone ended up disappearing and dropping the cake when Naruto became fatigued, which enraged Boruto and caused him to throw Naruto's old, tattered jacket out the window. Naruto felt guilty for letting his family down and Shikamaru told him to go home and rest. The jacket was found by Sasuke, who returned to Konoha to ask for help in deciphering a scroll he found in Kaguya's abandoned castle. They met in Naruto's office where Sasuke mentioned his meeting with Boruto and this leads to them making a bet on whether the nature of a shinobi has changed in regards to Boruto, to which Sasuke says it hasn't and Naruto says it has. Naruto exposes Boruto's cheating at the Chūnin Exams. Naruto wasn't surprised when Boruto won the first test but after being advised by Shikamaru to reach out to Boruto, Naruto congratulated him via email, much to Boruto's annoyance. While the scroll was being deciphered, Naruto sent a clone to meet up with Sasuke and asked him if it was true that he was training Boruto. Naruto said that perhaps Sasuke was right concerning the nature of shinobi remaining the same, to which Sasuke agrees. Naruto was nervous about the outcome of the second test but after learning Boruto passed, Naruto was overjoyed. Later, he met with Boruto in his bedroom and personally congratulated him and told him not to lose against Shikadai. Naruto offered a fist bump, but Boruto only smiled as he didn't want his father to discover the Kote he was wearing. For the third test, Naruto chose to sit with Hinata and Himawari rather than with the other Kage as they watched Boruto fight in the third round and finally againstShikadai Nara. Near the end, Naruto suspected something was wrong after Boruto won. In the anime, he did not realise anything was amiss until Boruto's next match in the finals when he defeatedShinki. He asked Hinata to use her Byakugan and she noticed Boruto wearing a Kote (in the anime he realised the truth on his own). Realising that Boruto was using the exam-forbidden tool to advance his techniques, a disappointed Naruto confronted him in the arena, ordered that Boruto be disqualified from the exam and took Boruto's forehead protector from him, suspending his ninja status. He told Boruto they would talk about this at home, but Boruto lashed out at him that Naruto doesn't know how to give him a lecture when he's never home. Naruto captured by Momoshiki. Suddenly,MomoshikiandKinshiki Ōtsutsukiappear and began attacking the arena. Naruto is knocked out of the arena by Momoshiki but he rushes back to defend his son when he is in danger and is shortly joined by Sasuke and Sarada. Sasuke informed Naruto that the two enemies are the new threat written about in the scroll. Naruto realises he is their target and demands to know what they want. After Momoshiki reveals he wanted Kaguya's chakra, and eventually Kurama's from the Seventh Hokage, Naruto and Sasuke combine Kurama and Susanoo to shield themselves and their children from the enemies' attacks. Naruto also dispatches shadow clones to protect civilians that hadn't managed to flee from the arena. Determined to protect his son and friends, Naruto ultimately decides to allow himself to be captured in Momoshiki's jutsu and asks Sasuke to take care of Boruto for him. Just before Naruto disappears, he looks over his shoulder and offers his son one last smile. Naruto was teleported to another dimension and bound by Momoshiki and Kinshiki to a God Tree. Naruto resisted as Momoshiki extracted half of Kurama's chakra from inside Naruto. The two debated the merits of instant strength and earned strength, causing Naruto to realise his own lack of effort in trying to understand Boruto, which is what drove him to cheat with the Shinobi Gauntlet. During the ordeal, Sasuke, Boruto, and the other Kage arrived to rescue him. Naruto and Sasuke fighting Momoshiki's techniques. Naruto, surprised to see Boruto wearing his old jacket, told his son that it was like looking at one of his shadow clones. When he tried to apologise to Boruto for not being there for him, Boruto replied that it was alright and he just wants to hear more about Naruto's past. After the other Kage failed to defeat Kinshiki, and the latter was absorbed by Momoshiki, Naruto and Sasuke joined forces to fight him and initially gained the upper hand until Naruto was briefly imprisoned by boulders and Sasuke was severely burned by Momoshiki'sLava Release. Naruto became enraged upon seeing Sasuke injured but was relieved to find he was all right and still able to fight after being healed by Kurama's chakra. By once again combining Kurama and Susanoo, they managed to defeat Momoshiki and cut his lava creature in half, but Katasuke rushed in and began firing ninjutsu attacks from his Kote at Momoshiki, which he absorbed and used to attack Naruto and the others. Naruto is restrained by black rods while Momoshiki prepares to eliminate the rest of the Kage. When Boruto used hisVanishing Rasenganagainst Momoshiki to free his father and the other Kage, Naruto was greatly surprised to find that his son was able to use the Rasengan. As they prepare their final assault, Naruto helps Boruto to create aParent and Child Rasengan, which Boruto himself unleashes upon Momoshiki and ultimately kills him. Naruto and Boruto reconcile. After the battle ends, Naruto sits with Sasuke and Naruto agrees Sasuke won their bet. Naruto proudly looked on at his son and stated that he would always be there to watch Boruto grow as his father. After returning home, Naruto posed for a photograph with Boruto, Sasuke, and the four other Kage. In the anime, Naruto hosted a shared birthday party for Boruto and Himawari as an apology for his actions during Himawari's actual birthday and brought home a cake for the family to eat. After Boruto punched Naruto, thinking it was a shadow clone, Naruto began scolding him, while Himawari asked for a piggy back ride. Hinata maintained order by threatening to throw the cake away. The next morning, as Boruto left to meet with his team and Naruto left to go to work, both wished each other to do their best and bumped fists with each other. While Boruto was giving a live interview on Konoha TV, Naruto watches it proudly from his desk. Main article:Chōchō ArcIn the anime, when the twoleadactorsof a popular TV drama received a death threat, Naruto assigned Team 7 and Team 10 to protect them. Main article:Mitsuki's Disappearance ArcIn the anime, whentwoguardswere attacked byunknownassailants, the village was put on lockdown. Naruto and his advisers then oversaw Ino probe Uō's mind for answers, learning thatMitsukihad left willingly with the attackers. When Naruto revealed to the others Mitsuki was in fact Orochimaru's son, much outrage followed, prompting Naruto to give his rational on why he accepted Mitsuki into Konoha. Later, Naruto was informed that Boruto and Sarada left the village to find Mitsuki, leading to him dispatchingTeam 10to retrieve the pair. When Naruto learned that the attackers were on route to theLand of Earth, he contactedKurotsuchi, who promised to investigate the matter herself and return the Konoha genin pursing Mitsuki. While discussing Mitsuki's apparent betrayal, Konohamaru insisted he be the one to bring his student back, which Naruto reluctantly agreed to. Naruto later attempted to contact Kurotsuchi, but was told she wasn't available, leading to him becoming suspicious something was happening inIwagakure. Naruto attending Ōnoki's funeral. Later, Naruto's fears were proven correct when Shikadai contacted his father via phone, revealing that Iwagakure was taken over as part of a plan by Ōnoki. Knowing that they couldn't act hastily, Naruto talks with the other officials and decided that he would join Shikamaru in meeting with the other daimyō to get their support on engaging this personal matter. After getting approval, Naruto and an escort moved out, and allowed his son's peers to come with him. Upon arriving at the batted village, Naruto applauded Konohamaru's work during the Iwa's internal struggle. Naruto stayed in the village and attended Ōnoki's funeral, prompting him to say theTsuchikageleft behind a grand legacy and lesson about perseverance. After returning to the village, while personally applauding Boruto and Sarada for loyally supporting Mitsuki, whose own efforts were revealed to have saved Iwa, he still was reluctantly forced to strip the Team 7 genin of their shinobi status as punishment for deserting the village. Later, Kurotsuchi's gratitude and recommendation convinced Naruto to reinstate them. Main article:Konohamaru's Love ArcIn the anime, due to Konohamaru spying onAsaki, a complaint was filed against him, prompting Naruto to place him under house arrest. Main article:One-Tail Escort Arc Naruto meets with the tailed beasts to discuss Urashiki. In the anime, after Sai delivered a sealedShukakuin a tea kettle to Naruto as a result of Gaara being unable to protect it in theLand of WindfromUrashiki Ōtsutsuki, Shukaku explained it only made it to Konoha due to Boruto acting as a decoy against their pursuer. Informing Shikamaru he was going to the scene, Sasuke approached the pair and told him that wasn't necessary, as Sasuke had earlier protected Boruto and forced Urashiki to retreat. Three days later, Naruto and Gaara discussed the incident in his office. Afterwards, Naruto had a Shadow Clone see the Kazekage off at the Thunder Rail station. Some time later, Naruto brought Shukaku to his house until an official safe house was decided on. Later that evening, Naruto had a telepathic meeting with some of the other tailed beasts to discuss how to handle being targeted. As a result of guarding Shukaku, Naruto got to spend time with his family, before escorting Shukaku to his safe house. Main article:Time Slip Arc A young Naruto and Boruto discussing Boruto's father. In the anime, Naruto was notified that Urashiki was on the move again, being even more indiscriminate in his stealing of chakra. While pleased that all of the Five Great Shinobi Nations were on alert and willing to share all intel on Urashiki, Shikamaru voiced his concern about Mirai's sudden disappearance and also wondered what their enemy true goal was for gathering chakra. Later, Naruto decided to have the genin test new surveillance equipment designed to follow their location. During the field test, Urashiki was spotted in the area. This prompted most of the Konoha-nin in the village to engage, while Shikamaru stayed in the Hokage Office to help protect Naruto. Urashiki managed to get hold of a device that allowed him to travel into the past, prompting Sasuke and Boruto being sent back alongside him to the time period shortly after Sasuke's defection. A teenage Naruto and Jiraiya encountered the pair, who were disguising their identities and their occupations as travelling performers. As they were foreigners, Tsunade has Naruto and Jiraiya look over them. Spending time with Boruto, Naruto allowed him to sleep at his apartment, where Boruto vaguely talked about his father, speaking about both his feats and his flaws, where Naruto was intrigued to hear about, noting that Boruto enjoyed talking about his family, and inquired Boruto if he hated his father, to which Boruto denied. Naruto training with Boruto. The day after cleaning up a bathhouse together, Urashiki targeted Naruto. Failing at extracting Kurama's chakra, Urashiki instead captured him and trapped Boruto, Sasuke and Jiraiya in a rock prison before retreating. Using a cave for a hideout, Urashiki forced Naruto's seal to emerge and used his chakra in an attempt to forcibly extract Kurama' chakra from within Naruto. Urashiki's actions caused Kurama's chakra to leak out, forcing Naruto to undergo hisVersion 1transformation. Arriving to rescue Naruto, Boruto attempted to reason with his father, but Naruto had since completely lost his common sense and attacked Boruto. Jiraiya managed to subdue the Nine-Tails' chakra with a seal, and Sasuke forced Urashiki to retreat. Afterwards, Jiraiya offered to train Naruto and Boruto to prepare them for Urashiki. The following day, Naruto began working with Boruto to synchronise their chakra to create a new cooperation ninjutsu under Jiraiya's guidance. After Boruto left to clear his head, Sasuke approached Naruto with food from Jiraiya, and told Naruto about how ""a friend"" struggled for years to help him after he lost his way, but never gave up until finally succeeding, which renewed Naruto's conviction. Continuing his training the next day, the pair were approached by Sakura, who had found Sasuke's note from the future, and questioned why it Sasuke's name on it before shortly leaving with an answer. Naruto and Boruto resumed their training, which ultimately left them exhausted. They were then approached again by Urashiki, who subdued the pair. Jiraiya and Sasuke joined the fight. Deciding the foe's newest technique was too dangerous, Sasuke tackled himself and Urashiki over the ledge and into a river to let his allies escape. While tending to Jiraiya's wounds, the group tried to figure out how to deal with Urashiki. Boruto realised that in the fight, the blood splattered on Urashiki was drying much faster than Boruto's. After engaging the foe again to test a theory, they concluded that Urashiki's technique lets himwarp into the pastby several seconds, giving him a pseudo-clairvoyance from his experiences. Urashiki attacked the Konoha-nin again, where Jiraiya contained everyone in hisSummoning: Toad Mouth Bind. During which, Naruto unleashed a continued barrage of clones on Urashiki. While he easily countered the assault with his technique, Urashiki inadvertently poisoned himself from the acidic vapours of the great toad's belly far sooner than the Konoha-nin due to his repeated time-warp. Once Jiraiya released the summoning, Naruto and Boruto then proceeded to knockout Urashiki with aRasenganassault. Naruto and Boruto facing Urashiki. Enraged, Urashiki awoke and consumed all his accumulated chakra and his eyes, leading to him undergoing a transformation that strengthened him. Jiraiya and the two genin were quickly overwhelmed by Urashiki's continued assaults, even with the aid of the returning Sasuke. Urashiki deliberately held back on Naruto, hoping to anger him enough into unleashing the Nine-Tails' chakra. His efforts ultimately succeeded when Jiraiya took a hit that was intended for Naruto, triggering his transformation. Boruto, however, managed to reach Naruto and together were able to perfect theirnew collaboration technique. With the combined effort of Jiraiya and Sasuke, the two kids were able to plough through Urashiki's final attack and obliterate him. After the battle, both Naruto and Boruto lose consciousness due to their exhaustion. Days after Naruto and Boruto recovered at the Konoha hospital, he was upset to hear that Boruto and Sasuke would be leaving now that their mission was completed. Before they left, Naruto gave Boruto a gift. Sasuke used his Sharingan toeraseeveryone's memories of the events to preserve the timeline. On seeing the Sharingan, Naruto had what appeared to be a brief moment of recognising Sasuke before losing consciousness. Upon the pair returning, Naruto was approached by Sasuke who explained the recent situation he and Boruto had. Naruto was amazed at such a tale. Later, while visiting Jiraiya's grave to pay his respect, he was approached by Boruto, who decided to share with Naruto the gift of special ramen given by his past self. Sometime later, Sumire was officially transferred to theScientific Ninja Weapons Team. Naruto reached out to the Land of Iron and requested an exchange student to take Sumire's spot onTeam 15. Shikamaru was concerned about his experimental move of mixing shinobi with samurai, but Naruto insisted it would help close the gap between the two. Later, Naruto attended his father-in-law's birthday, impressed by Boruto getting past his aversion mushy feelings to suggest a regular family photo. Main article:Sasuke Shinden: The Teacher's Star PupilNaruto appears in this novel. Main articles:Mujina Bandits ArcandShikamaru ShindenIn the anime, Naruto set up a mission forTeam 7to infiltrateHōzuki Castleto verify the information about theMujina Banditsoffered byKokuriin exchange for protection. After losing contact fromMujō, the prison warder who was working with Konohagakure, Naruto sent Sai and a team to investigate. Ultimately, the succeeded in returning ""Kokuri"" to the village to question him about the Mujina Bandits before letting the man go free. At the Hokage building, Naruto hosted a Kage Summit, during which the Kage bickered about topics concerning Konoha, leading toKurotsuchidemanding Konoha to disclose all of its confidential information as the village's proof to peace by the next summit, and saidIwagakurewould leave the Five Great Shinobi Country alliance if they didn't. Afterwards the summit ended. Naruto was told then by Shikamaru that the reason why Kurotsuchi was acting that way was because she was being pressured by the Earth Daimyō to invade the Land of Flowers for the corps they had to offer and expressed sadness that Kurotsuchi didn't tell them as he believed that the Shinobi Union would have definitely aided her when it came to food scarcity and other issues and the potential of another war, remembering the casualties of the last war and not wanting to use and introduce the next generation to the horrors of war. Naruto found hope, however, when Shikamaru said they could negotiate with her so the invasion won't happen.[65] Unfortunately, in the next Kage Summit, Naruto's revelation of Kurotsuchi's true intentions only causeDaruito angrily threaten to kill Kurotsuchi and to add things worse, Naruto and Sasuke's strength were used as a boon for Kurotsuchi's cause, as they had the power to take over the continent and the imbalance in strength between Konoha and the other villages were thus immense. Despite Naruto's attempts to ensure Konoha would not try to take over the world, Shikamaru responded by paralysing and threatening to crush Kurotsuchi's neck, much to Naruto's horror and fury. Quickly, Naruto used his chakra to break out of Shikamaru's shadow and angrily put Shikamaru in place before attempting to plea for peace but he could not sway Kurotsuchi or Darui, who made it clear they would go to war if the invasion were to occur. Furious over the outcome, Naruto angrily confronted Shikamaru when they walked home but was rebuffed by his friend, who told him to think with his head and start responding harshly enough.[65] Several months after the Hōzuki Castle mission, Naruto discussed Katasuke being under mind control with Sai and Ibiki, and had them continue their investigation while Shikamaru handled Katasuki. Afterwards,Mirai Sarutobiinformed Naruto that Team Konohamaru successfully captured the Mujina Bandits, much to his joy. AsShojojiwas discussed, Naruto told everyone that they had to hurry up and handle themissing-nin.[160]Shikamaru then informed Naruto of his upcoming meeting with theFire DaimyōIkkyū Madoka, which Naruto had forgotten was later during the day. During which, he discussed financial matter with Ikkyū.[65] Main article:Kara Actuation ArcLater in the anime, Team 25 and Sasuke were sent to investigate the information extracted from the captured Shojoji about Kara's existence in Amegakure. Upon their return, they learned that Kara had long ago abandoned their facility in Amegakure and were performing biological experiments. They also learned that there were in fact civilians who sympathised with Kara and its goals. Naruto was concerned to learn that Amegakure was in shambles as it had yet to make any recovery since the Fourth Shinobi World War. He was determined to help the village. Naruto learned thatVictor, the president of theLand of Valleys' premiere medical and research company, was a member ofKarawho somehow obtained a sample of the First Hokage's cells. Naruto was greatly concerned thatTeam 7was defeated by two Inners. Upon seeing Boruto in treatment, he was certain that Boruto would be fine. Afterwards, Naruto discussed with his advisers on the next move. Shikamaru offered to use his connections in the Land of Valleys to get permission to investigate Victor's company. Three days later, it was approved for Naruto to sendMuginoand Konohamaru to stealthily investigate. Later, Naruto sentTeam 10on a joint mission withTeam Shinkito retrieve Urashiki's puppet. He later listened to Shikadai's report on the mission which greatly concerned and disturbed him. After Boruto recovered from his new training, Naruto gave his son permission to return to the Land of Valleys to return the wedding ring of their recent client's husband to her. Following the defeat of Victor and his amoral experiments, Naruto received a report on the events. Upon Konohamaru and Mugino's return, Konoha leadership discussed how to handle Kara, having learned influential figures like Victor were associated with the organisation and finding evidence in their investigation that Kara had spies all around. While many considered closing off the gates to Konohagakure to stop the flow of information, Naruto was torn on this, valuing the new peace between the village and the rest of the world. After talking various officials in the village, and witnessing Boruto and his friends work on an experiment to improve wireless communications, Naruto decided to not close the gates as it would deter cooperation with the outside world, instead deciding to reinforce security. Main article:Ao Arc Naruto facing Boruto. In the anime, Naruto attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War. Later, Naruto joins his son in a sparring match at theTraining Hall, to test out Katasuke's new invention that was fitted on his arm. During the match, Narutodefendshimself from Boruto, and uses the invention to absorb hisson'stechniques, before defeating him with a single kick. Afterwards at the Hokage's office, Naruto informs Boruto of the technology he used against him, which angered Boruto. Before Naruto could explain himself, Sasuke arrives and interrupts their conversation, calming Boruto down by pointing out the need for them with the coming danger of enemies like theŌtsutsuki Clan. Naruto also admitted to knowing about Boruto's mark on his right palm, which was another reason Naruto approved the development of this advanced weaponry. While Boruto still insisted they should rely solely on ninjutsu like in the Chūnin Exams, Naruto noted that the Chūnin Exams were to test one's growth as a ninja, where as they are now in a battle for survival. Katasuke then arrived to retrieve his prototype, to which Naruto assigned Team Konohamaru a C-rank mission to escort the lead scientist back to the lab in Ryūben City. While Boruto stormed off in a huff, Naruto asked his genin team-mates to watch over him should anything happen with his mark. As Konohamaru failed to report from his mission, Naruto contacted Boruto's team at theScientific Ninja Weapons Team's lab, who were nearest to Konohamaru's last reported location. He instructed them to search the area but be careful and not recklessly engage any foes. While Shikamaru reminded him that Team Konohamaru were all very capable for their age, Naruto insisted that he was more concerned about the possibility of them running into the organisationKaraas Konohamaru's mission was to investigate a mysterious airship. Main article:Kawaki ArcWhen Team 7 returned with news of Mugino's demise at the hands ofAo, who was in leagues with Kara, they also revealed a boy with ties to Kara namedKawaki. In the anime, he was detained at theAdvanced Technology Research Institutein Ryūtan City, prompting Naruto and Sai to go immediately and meet the boy. On the train ride, Sai noted that it was risky to take such a mysterious boy back to the village. Naruto understood Sai's fear, knowing that Kara's desire of the boy could lead to the village becoming a battlefield again. Upon arriving in the station, they learned that Kawaki escaped and was on a rampage. Before Naruto and Sai could act, they met with Boruto and Sumire, the latter insisted to not hurt Kawaki. She noted that Kawaki's rampage stemmed from emotional scars due to his troubled past. Taking Sumire's words to heart, Naruto stopped Kawaki's passively, subduing him until he tired himself out and collapsed. Naruto comforts Kawaki. Naruto decided he was most suitable to monitor Kawaki, and held a Kage Summit to discuss the situation. Following the unanimous agreement from other Kage with Naruto, he took the boy to his house, during which he foiled Kawaki's attempts at fleeing. There, Kawaki attempting to escape, but Naruto intimidated him into submission. His escape attempt resulted in Himawari's vase being destroyed. Naruto intervened when Boruto and Kawaki began fighting, and later overheard Kawaki speaking of his hardship as a result of his Kāma. Afterwards, Naruto took Kawaki toYamanaka Flowersto pick a new vase, where he hugged Kawaki after he had a panic attack. Sometime later, Naruto and Boruto sparred; he defeated his son, even while Boruto used his Kāma. Naruto offered for Kawaki to try sparring with Boruto next time, but Kawaki declined as he couldn't use chakra, prompting Naruto to insist that all can learn to do so and that having strong rivals will help one in accomplishing great things. Later, Boruto decided to take Kawaki's offer of learning what he knows about their Kāma. Deciding to do so through sparring, the two children quickly activated their respective marks. While Boruto kept up in hand-to-hand combat, Kawaki's usage of his modified body put Boruto on the defensive. Kawaki then launched a blast at Naruto with the intent of him absorbing it like previously, only for Boruto to instead damage his hand. Naruto called off the match and told the two to perform the Seal of Reconciliation. The event made their marks react and caused Boruto's hand to instantly heal. Before pushing the subject, Naruto was alerted of an intruder. Naruto told his son to take Himawari away while he stayed with Kawaki, certain that the intruder was after Kawaki. His assumption proved correct as they were quickly met byDelta. She demanded Naruto hand over Kawaki to her, and Kawaki confirmed her identity as an Inner from Kara. Naruto instructed Boruto to protect Himawari and Kawaki to protect himself. Naruto fighting Delta. Fighting her, Naruto initially outperformed her with taijutsu, but she began making use of her shinobi-ware to launch sneak attacks and absorb his Rasengan. Naruto entered his Six Paths Sage Mode, but Delta was eventually able to stab him and pin him down. He tried to discern her motives for wanting Kawaki, but she saw through his deception, and noticed he was already healing, considering Naruto to be a monster as well. While Naruto was continually forced to hold back in fear of the spectators' safety, he continued to gradually wear down his foe, leading to Delta using her Destruction Beam against Naruto to combat his regenerative ability. Eventually, Delta targets Himawari, leading to Naruto blocking the attack with his body, but is uninjured as Kawaki sacrificed his right arm to block the attack. Enraged at her tactics, Naruto resumed the fight and quickly overwhelmed her. Naruto, having seen her return his Rasengan that she absorbed, deduces that there was a limit to how much chakra her eyes can absorb since the chakra or attack had to be stored somewhere in her body rather than dissipating and vanishing, prompting him to overpower and defeat Delta with hisSuper-Ultra-Big Ball Rasengan. Defeated, Delta's body self-destructed, forcing Naruto to flee the vicinity with the children. Naruto training Kawaki. Later, when bringing Kawaki to Katasuke to repair Kawaki's arm, the scientist informed him that the technology in Kawaki's body was too advanced for him to handle. Finding an alternate solution, Naruto gave Kawaki one of his prosthetic arms and channelled some of his chakra into Kawaki to make it work. Shocked at how sincere Naruto was at being nice, Kawaki asked to learn ninjutsu, which Naruto agreed to and began training him. Quite a while after Delta's defeat, while Naruto and Kawaki were at his house, he notices Kawaki in distress, resulting in his Kāma creating a portal which Jigen emerged from. Wanting to take his son back, Naruto attempted to attack him but was repelled away and impaled by chakra draining rods. Activating his chakra mode, Naruto kicks Jigen away from Kawaki. Jigen then proceeded to activate his Kāma. Fearing for the Hokage's safety, with Jigen's power entirely above Delta's and capable of either killing or severely injuring Naruto, Kawaki stepped in and submitted, agreeing to back willingly with Jigen if he spared Naruto. While Jigen agreed to the terms, Naruto refused to comply. Jigen responded by teleporting himself and Naruto to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke facing Jigen. As Jigen attempted to strand Naruto there, he was attacked and stopped by Sasuke. Being away from Konoha and free to fight with all their power, the pair engaged in battle with Jigen, leading to Sasuke deducing their opponent's fighting style involved shrinking himself and his rods. Pressuring Jigen, the Kara member taped into his Kāma and grew a horn. Upon seeing Jigen's development, Sasuke revealed how he resembled anunknownŌtsutsuki member, and that Jigen had ties with a juvenile Ten-Tails. As Sasuke also revealed that Jigen's goal was to drain the entire planet of all its chakra, the two shinobi decided to fight with their full power. Despite their strong avatar forms and team-work, Jigen ploughed through their defences. As he swiftly wore down and pummelled his foes, he restrained the pair with rods and decided to keep Naruto alive because of Kurama in him while killing Sasuke due to his Rinnegan's Space-Time Ninjutsu. Accepting the truth, Naruto had his clones hold off Jigen while he convinced Sasuke to escape despite his friend's protests. Jigen revealed that he was after Boruto Uzumaki for his Kāma and sealed Naruto in a giant pot which he shrunk, leaving Naruto trapped within the foreign dimension. Afterwards,Borostood guard over the pot, during which Boruto and Kawaki used their Kama totransportNaruto's unconscious body out before killing the Kara member. Returning to Konoha, they were all taken to the hospital for treatment. As Naruto made a quick recovery, he was impressed to hear of the genin's work, and joked that rebellious genin seemed to still be a thing. In the anime, they discussed the recent events. Kawaki informed them that each member of Kara was modified with Shinobi-Ware, granting them abilities besides ninjutsu. After everyone else left, Shikamaru discussed with Naruto on how best to deal with Kawaki, as his Kāma acted as a direct path to Konoha at any time for Kara. Upon learning of Boro's cult, Naruto assigned Sai and Konohamaru to investigate, hoping to discover new information on the new whereabouts of Kara's Ten-Tails. They returned and reported Boro's scheme for getting new cultists and using them as subjects for Kara's Vessel experiments, as well as that despite her defeat to Naruto, Delta was somehow still active, having destroyed the cult's base. Naruto interrogates Amado. Later, Naruto was informed by Ino of Shikadai being taken hostage byAmado. Though he wished to speak to Shikamaru, he was glad to learn of Naruto's rescue, and revealed he wished to defect to Konoha, offering intel on Kara, Jigen, their Ten-Tails, and the Ōtsutsuki. After Naruto gave his word as Hokage to not go back on the deal provided his intel was good, Amado began explaining all he knew. He revealed that how the Ōtsutsuki have since before recorded history been travelling from planet to planet, harvesting its chakra for the sake of evolving itself while destroying the planet in the process, using the Ten-Tails for the process. He revealed that Jigen himself was turned into an Ōtsutsuki from being branded by his Kāma of Isshiki. Amado also revealed to have sabotaged the blimp to free Kawaki and likewise ensure that Sasuke would get the intel of Isshiki. Amado's glasses began beeping. His glasses were taken off, revealing a holographic projection of Jigen talking with his accompliceKoji Kashinintended to kill Jigen. As Naruto was intrigued by Koji's techniques and battle tactics, Amado insisted that Naruto accept his request to officially join Konohagakure with full amnesty and protection in order to hear more of his secrets, which Naruto agreed. Amado carried on his explanation, sharing what he knew of Jigen, the Ōtsutsuki, and Kāma. He stressed how a full rebirth of the Ōtsutsuki must be avoided, and claimed he'd teach them how to kill an Ōtsutsuki. When Jigen's death triggered Isshiki's resurrection in his body, Amado explained this also erased Kawaki's Kāma to avoid duplicates, leading Shikamaru to realise that without any remaining Kāma, Isshiki was vulnerable to a permanent death. Naruto halts Isshiki's search. After Amado was officially made a citizen of Konohagakure, made aware of his rights and limitations, he warned them of Isshiki's immediate focus on rebranding Kawaki. He advised Naruto against taking the fight to Isshiki, and stressed that had to protect Kawaki against being rebranded. Naruto took his advice and ordered a civilian evacuation, as Isshiki would seek Kawaki in Konoha. Naruto was against Boruto staying to fight him, but where interrupted by an alert of Isshiki's arrival. Naruto ordered Boruto to join the evacuation as he went to confront Isshiki. Isshiki was surprised to see Naruto had escaped, but demanded for Kawaki. When Naruto refused, Isshiki began shrinking various targets in the village to destroy it. Naruto activated hisSix Paths Sage Mode, but Isshiki easily overpowered him. Sasuke soon joined the fight, levelling the battlefield. He then launched his sword at Isshiki. As Isshiki attempted to shrink it, it was revealed to Borutotransformed. As Naruto was horrified by his son's arrival, Boruto activated hisKāma,teleportinghimself and Isshiki to another dimension. Naruto and Sasuke followed through the latter's Rinnegan. As the Konoha-nin faced down Isshiki, he decided the best way to get Kawaki was to present Sasuke and Naruto's corpses to the village. The fight quickly resumed, with Naruto and Sasuke's team-work managing to push Isshiki on the defence as he began shrinking all their attacks. Quickly however, Isshiki demonstrated a new technique, manifesting and manipulatingmassive black cubesthat separated the duo. Naruto overwhelming Isshiki. Realising he was running out of options, Kurama asked Naruto if he was really willing to sacrifice himself to stop Isshiki. Naruto confirmed it, and Kurama offered a last-ditch strategy which would have a high risk of death from using it. Accepting his duties as Hokage, Naruto faced Isshiki and took on a new form ofBaryon Mode. Kurama explained to Naruto that the form is like nuclear fusion, consuming all their respective energy and that he must be careful not to make any unnecessary movements or thoughts. The new form baffled everyone with its sheer power. Naruto quickly began overwhelming Isshiki, constantly countering and dodging the foes various assaults. Soon after, the strain of Baryon Mode began catching up as Naruto began to tire. Kurama noted this form gradually drains away all life-forces, including Naruto's. However, it would also drain Isshiki's with each contact, meaning they just had to keep pressuring Isshiki until his already diminished lifespan ran out. As Isshiki began getting desperate, he took advantage of Naruto's chakra connection to Kawaki through the latter's prosthetic arm. From this, he teleported Kawaki to them with the goal of rebranding Kawaki before his time ran out. As Kawaki tried to escape Isshiki, he opted to use Kawaki's love for Naruto against him, assaulting the downed Hokage. Despite Naruto's insistence that Kawaki forget about him, Kawaki ultimately showed himself and attacked using the ninjutsu Naruto taught him. Isshiki easily negated it and branded Kawaki again, only for it to be revealed as a shadow clone. Naruto watches Kurama's life fade away. Finally, Isshiki's time ran out and he crumbled to dust. Sasuke then asked Naruto about his new power, but before he could answer, Boruto, being controlled byMomoshiki, suddenly stabbed Sasuke's left eye. Naruto attempted to help fighting Momoshiki, but collapsed, feeling heavy as lead, and passed out. Inside his subconscious, Naruto had a final conversation with Kurama. He told the kitsune that he had no ill will to Kurama despite the loss of his parents. As Naruto was prepared to die and voiced his concerns for the village, Kurama revealed that Naruto would awake soon and fine, as it was Kurama's life that was gambled from using Baryon Mode. Kurama assured Naruto that it never actually lied to Naruto, but knew the Hokage wouldn't risk Kurama's own life so he hid the truth. As Kurama's life began to fade, it warned Naruto that he would lose all access to Kurama's chakra and abilities, meaning he would have to be more careful from now on. Naruto desperately reached out for Kurama before waking up to see Boruto, Sasuke, and Kawaki standing over him. Naruto comforts Boruto over his Kāma. With Sasuke's Rinnegan and Kawaki's Kāma gone, it was up to Boruto to use his mark to bring everyone back with aid from Kawaki. Upon returning to the village, Naruto was relieved. In the anime, shortly after returning, Naruto was examined by Sakura and Katasuke for any remaining traces of Kurama's essence and capacities. The tests found nothing, confirming that Kurama's death would considerably drop Naruto's abilities and fighting potential. Naruto admitted that Kurama's power had felt like cheating, and despite the void left behind, he chose not to wallow on it, believing that Kurama would make fun of him over it. Afterwards, Naruto received confirmation that Boruto's Kāma was accelerating, and decided to inform Boruto himself. He vowed to do everything in his power to save Boruto. When Kawaki returned his prosthetic hand, having his natural one restored by Amado, Naruto offered to make him a genin. Main article:Chūnin Re-Examination Arc Naruto attending the chūnin ceremony. In the anime, Naruto had the Chūnin Exam that Momoshiki interrupted reorganised, as a way to boost morale and promote more capable chūnin. Naruto acted as a proctor during the second portion of the exams, evaluating the genin's abilities. During the final exam, Naruto invited Kawaki to attended, and watched the matches alongside Sai and Shikamaru. Commentating on the matches, Naruto and Shikamaru agreed that Boruto and Mitsuki would be disqualified for being late to their match. After the event, he asked Kawaki what he thought, leading to him expressing interest in becoming a genin. Later, after assigning Konohamaru and Mirai a mission, Naruto allowed Konohamaru students to assist him when Mirai returned to the village alone and injured. After Team 7 succeeded in their mission, Naruto hosted the promotion ceremony for the new chūnin, assigning them as captains of their teams. As Naruto decided to test Kawaki for qualification as a shinobi, Shikamaru voiced his concerns, feeling that his modified body would be a prime target for enemies to go after. Naruto however insisted that for Kawaki to grow, he needed to experience the outside world and make friends who could protect him. Because Kawaki fared poorly in D-rank missions with different teams, lacking team-work, Shikamaru deemed him unfit for being a shinobi. He and Naruto agreed to assign him a C-rank escort mission with Team 10 as a final chance to qualify as a genin. Konohamaru arrived and handed him intel on a recently discovered dead body. They wondered about a connection with five other similar incidents in other countries. They determined there was a connection, as all of them were from the Land of Calm Seas. As Team 10 was escorting a client there, Naruto sent Team 7 as backup, as they were out in a mission nearby. At the end of the mission, Boruto reported to Naruto how the Calm Seas Daimyō was exploiting his people. While Naruto couldn't directly interfere, he could send a medical team as a form of aid relief. Later, Kawaki asked for another chance to prove himself, but Naruto revealed that based on Shikadai's report, he passed the exam, and would take missions as a genin under him. Main article:Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure ArcIn the anime, the Land of Water faced a civil war against theFunato Clan.Team 5andTeam 7accidentally found themselves caught in it. Aiding Kirigakure, the genin were able to help end the war peacefully. Upon the genin's return to Konohagakure, Naruto informed them of the aftermath from Chōjūrō. As Boruto asked about the fate of his new friendIkada Funato, a ship-builder who was drawn to the war after hissister'sdeath. Kawaki voiced that he deserved punishment as an enemy commander. Boruto insisted that Ikada was a good person and was key in ending the war. As Kawaki stormed off annoyed at Boruto, Naruto approached Boruto, commending him for his efforts in the war and sympathising with Boruto's new view. He encouraged Boruto to make up with Kawaki. Naruto soon after found the two boys instead coming to blows with each other. Naruto cheerfully watched the fight until the two collapsed against each other. Working off their aggression, the two put aside their differences. Naruto approached them, telling Boruto about Ikada's lenient punishment of surveillance underKajiki's care. Naruto treated them to some ramen. Naruto and his family on vacation. Naruto later went on a family vacation to a hot spring inn that Himawari won in a raffle, sending Konohamaru in his place to the filming of the next Kagemasa movie where he was to make a guest appearance and use the Rasengan on the climax. At the inn, he and Hinata beat Boruto and Kawaki at ping-pong due to their superior team-work. Naruto later lost to Himawari at a card matching game, and assured Kawaki he was part of the family. Main article:Kawaki & Himawari Academy ArcIn the anime, Naruto and Shikamaru assigned Kawaki a secret mission, to protect PrincessKae Yukiwarifrom theLand of Bamboowhile she attended the Academy as an exchange student. They explained that Kae's father discovered an assassination plot targeting his daughter, and sent her there while he investigated the matter domestically, Kae herself unaware of the threat. Naruto picked Kawaki because of his lower profile with the public, and offered some advice on how to connect with the students. Naruto gave a speech during the opening ceremony, and was later pleased by Kawaki's report of having befriended Kae. He also felt that Kawaki had something to learn from attending the Academy, despite his advanced fighting skills. Following a terrorist attack on the Academy that served as a diversion for an attempt on Kae's life, Konoha leadership learned that Kawaki didn't report the possibility of an attack, and removed him from the mission. Naruto told Kawaki to stay home until further notice. However, Kawaki later thwarted another attempt on Kae's life, and Naruto informed him that it allowed Batora to report his investigation and arrest theLand of Bamboo's ministeras the mastermind behind the plot. While reviewing background files,Hana Kakawas discovered to hail from the Land of Bamboo, leading to the full uncovering of the plot against Kae. After other conspirators were arrested by Sai and Team 25, Sai, Shikamaru, and Kawaki reported the events to Naruto. Naruto was amenable to Hana's wish to merely suppress her assassin personality in order to teach her to live for more than just her mission. Her wish to maybe one day be friends with it reminded him of his history with Kurama. Naruto was glad that Kawaki's time in the Academy helped him grow, and he was later pleased by how engrossed Himawari was with the Academy, despite still not having decided whether she wanted to be a shinobi or not. Main article:Code's Assault Arc Naruto, Sai, and Shikamaru talking about Code's movements. Later, Naruto and Shikamaru decided to indefinitely take Boruto off active-duty while deciding on how to deal with his Kāma, helping him pass time with various interviews from the media about his victory over Isshiki. After Amado finished restoring Kawaki's arm, he talked to Naruto about the remaining Kara-threats including their Ten-Tails seed as well asCode, who would inevitably seek out and kill all who were responsible for Isshiki's death. Hearing such a threat, Naruto requested Shikamaru to set up a Kage Summit. During the Kage meeting, they discussed Code, Amado's trustworthiness, and the issue of Momoshiki taking over Boruto, to which Naruto swore to handle it should the need arise. He later approached Amado to deal with Boruto's Kāma. He provided him with pills he developed as a means to defeat Jigen. As the Byakugan originates with the Ōtsutsuki, he theorised that weakening it might interfere with the Kāma's progress. As Boruto was given the pills and explained the nature of them, Naruto was horrified at how recklessly Boruto decided to take them. Later, Naruto and Konohamaru watched the Team 7 and Kawaki training together. Naruto declares that Kawaki is his son. Later, Naruto found Kawaki moping about his lack of acceptance in the village. Naruto brought him back home, where a welcome dinner party was held for Kawaki. Naruto and his family made it clear that he was welcomed to stay as long as he desired. Naruto further insisted that this was the very reason he became Hokage. While Kawaki was taking magazines out to the trash, Naruto dozed off on the dinner table. When Boruto discovered Kawaki's ruse to avoid surveillance, he exposed it to Naruto, who confirmed it with Nishi as Kawaki released his shadow clone. He notified Ino and Shikamaru of the development, and was against Boruto leaving to find Kawaki, as he was under surveillance for the same reason and returned to discussing the search with Ino. When Ino determined it was futile to search through sensing, Naruto thought back to Boruto's words and searched for him, and confirmed with Nishi he was nowhere nearby. Naruto rescues Kawaki. Using Sage Mode, Naruto was able to locate Boruto and Kawaki, alongside anunknown individual. Hinata attempted to join him, but he stressed she had to take care of Himawari if something happened to him. As Naruto left two shadow clones on standby to store up more senjutsu chakra, Shikamaru arrived, refusing to let Naruto leave the village against the threat without him since the Hokage now no longer had Kurama for additional power. Shikamaru reminded Naruto that he cannot maintain Sage Mode for long anymore, but Naruto insisted that he can maintain it longer on his own drawing from years of experience. They arrive in time to save Kawaki from having his arm broken by Momoshiki, who had taken over Boruto again. Naruto checked on Kawaki, who begged him to flee, fearing his death. Naruto refused to abandon anyone. Code took Shikamaru hostage, who in turn told Naruto to ignore him and attack. Momoshiki decided to help Code killing Naruto, who was also a problem for him, and attacked with anUltra-Big Ball Rasengan. He was surprised to see Kawaki absorbing the jutsu with a new Kāma. Naruto continued to watch in disbelief as Kawaki began attacking Momoshiki with no restraint, displaying Isshiki's jutsu in the process. Eventually, Naruto intervened, as Kawaki's attacked would have killed Boruto. He tried to reason with Kawaki, who remained committed to killing Momoshiki. Boruto managed to hold back Momoshiki's personality for a moment, and pushed Naruto out of the way, allowing Kawaki to strike through his chest. Code opted to leave and released Shikamaru. While Kawaki was overwhelming Code, he pulled Daemon through the Claw Mark of his face, reflecting Kawaki's attack and knocking him out before leaving. Shikamaru tried to snap Naruto out of his stupor, and began to consider how to deal with Kawaki, arguing with Naruto, who still wanted to support Kawaki. He was stunned when Boruto woke up, his injuries completely healed. Main article:Omnipotence ArcAfter everyone returned to the village, Naruto kept watch over Kawaki as Shikamaru had Sumire examine him. They and Ibiki discussed how to handle Kawaki, and Naruto intended to have a long talk with Kawaki when he wakes up. Sumire noticed the heavy atmosphere around Naruto and asked Shikamaru about it. He claimed Naruto was just exhausted from almost being killed. When Kawaki woke up, he asked Naruto if he'd condemn him for killing Boruto. Naruto revealed Boruto was fine because of his Kāma. He added was grateful that Kawaki was there, otherwise they might all have died, and that Boruto felt the same. As Naruto reassured him that he belonged in Konoha and was family, Ino alerted him of Code andAda's invasion. Naruto feigned a previous appointment and left after confirming that Boruto was fine to a startled Sumire. After Code and Ada left taking Amado with them, Naruto listened as Shikamaru explained Ada's alluring ability and speculated on the other cyborg that Code employed in his battle the previous night. When Kawaki acted callous when considering Amado's possible death and deriding Shikamaru, Naruto censored him. As Shikamaru briefed Team 7 on their new surveillance mission living with Ada and Daemon, Naruto discussed it with Sasuke, explaining how Shikamaru managed to covertly control Boruto and Kawaki into acting more cautiously by entrusting them with responsibility in the form of a mission. When Naruto noticed Sasuke noticing something, Sasuke dismissed it. After Ada and Daemon departed for their new home, Naruto joined Shikamaru in getting Amado to share everything he was still keeping secret. He listened as Amado explained theshinjutsunature of Ada's and Daemon's abilities, their origins inShibai Ōtsutsuki's remains, and Amado's goal of using Kawaki's Kāma to resurrect his daughterAkebi. When Shikamaru asked Ada to confirm Amado's claims with herSenrigan, Naruto found it a bit excessive. He was satisfied with Amado's goal, and decided he wouldn't interfere in his matters with Kawaki if it didn't endanger Konoha. Naruto agreed to Ada's request to call it a day, as they had just arrived in the village. While preparing for dinner with Hinata, they were joined by Kawaki, who asked Naruto not to inform the sensors of his presence. Naruto listened as Kawaki reiterated how much he changed because of Naruto, and how he came to think that shinobi and good people like Naruto would be the first to die in any conflict with Ōtsutsuki. When Kawaki said he'd eliminate all the Ōtsutsuki to protect Naruto, including Boruto, Naruto refused to let Kawaki do this. Not wanting to hurt Naruto, nor let him get in the way, Kawaki sent Naruto and Hinata away withDaikokuten, where they'd be suspended in time, unable to think, and requiring no air or sustenance. Naruto and Hinata trapped in Kawaki's dimension. For the next three years, Naruto and Hinata remained unconscious and frozen in time within Daikokuten's dimension, where Kawaki could visit them. Due to Kawaki andAda'sactions, Boruto was accused for killing the Hokage, with details of his absence not being public knowledge outside of Konoha,[161]and the incident angrily upsetting the village's citizens.[162] In the wake of Konoha's destruction four years after theŌtsutsukiattack on the village,KawakitellsBorutothat he will send him to where he sent the Seventh Hokage. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of SnowTeam 7is dispatched to theLand of Snowto protect the lead actressKoyuki Kazahana, during the shooting of the new Princess Gale movie. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of GelelNaruto, Sakura and Shikamaru are sent to track and bring a ferret back to its owner. However, when the group is attacked by mysterious soldiers, they embark on to something big. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Guardians of the Crescent Moon KingdomNaruto, Sakura, Rock Lee and Kakashi are assigned to protect the future prince of theLand of the Moon,Hikaru Tsuki. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the MovieNaruto is assigned to protect the priestessShion, who starts having visions of his death. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: BondsA group of ninja from theLand of the Skylaunched a surprise attack on Konoha and to stop this new threat, Naruto and Sasuke join forces. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of FireTeam Kakashiworks together to stop Kakashi from sacrificing himself to stop a world war. Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Lost TowerNaruto is sent on a mission to stopMukade. However, during the mission Naruto is sent 20 years into the past. Main article:Naruto the Movie: Blood PrisonNaruto gets framed for the attempted assassination of the Raikage. In his subsequent attempts to break out of theprison, he gradually discovers the prison's dark secrets. Main article:Road to Ninja: Naruto the MovieNaruto and Sakura end up in an alternate reality in a test version of ProjectEye of the Moon Planwhere Naruto never lost his parents and many characters have different personalities. Main article:List of video gamesAs the main character of the series, Naruto is a playable character in everyNarutovideo game. As the series has progressed, Naruto has become playable in various forms, often with different move-sets for each. New video game-exclusive forms are also available at times, such as a version of Naruto wearingMight Guy's jump suit, a version wearingSon Gokū's Turtle School Uniform, Naruto fromShippū! Konoha Gakuen Den!, and ""Mecha-Naruto."" The video games also put some extra emphasis on his taijutsu; most of the time Naruto in the past fights akin to a brawler; while in his incarnation fromThe Last: Naruto the Movie, he instead fights more like a hand-to-hand boxer. Naruto is featured in the online game,Fortnite, in his Part II outfit as a playable skin. Main article:Live Spectacle NarutoKoudai Matsuoka plays as Naruto in this stage play adaption. When creating Naruto,Masashi Kishimotoincorporated into the character a number of traits he felt made an ideal hero: a straightforward way of thinking, a mischievous side, and many of the attributes possessed bySon Gokūfrom theDragon Ballfranchise. He also made sure to keep Naruto ""simple and stupid,"" since he does not like smart characters. Naruto himself is not modeled after anyone in particular, being conceived as childlike, with something of a dark side as a result of his harsh past. Despite this, he is always positive, making him unique in Kishimoto's eyes. The first version of Naruto that Masashi Kishimoto drew. Naruto's wardrobe is based on clothing Kishimoto wore when he was younger; according to Kishimoto, using a pre-existing design would not have made Naruto unique, whereas something original would have made him stand out too much. The orange colouring of his costume is used to make Naruto ""pop,"" with blues often being used to complement the orange. Because Naruto is associated with spirals, swirl patterns are incorporated into his costume. Initial illustrations of Naruto had him wearing boots, but Kishimoto substituted these for sandals, because he likes drawing toes. The goggles that Naruto used to wear were also replaced with a forehead protector, because the goggles themselves were too time-consuming to draw. Kishimoto said that he felt glad that his character had blond hair and blue eyes. The editor ofShōnen Jumpin the United States added that Kishimoto implied that the traits may have led the character to appeal to a Western audience. Kishimoto said that he most identifies with Naruto out of all of theNarutocharacters (in an interview with the U.S.Shōnen Jump, Kishimoto stated that his childhood was like that of Naruto's years while he was enrolled in the Academy). Naruto's appearances throughout the series. In the Japanese versions ofNaruto, Naruto often ends his sentences with the addendum ""-ttebayo"" (which gives a similar effect to ending a sentence with ""you know?""). Kishimoto wanted to give Naruto a childlike catchphrase, and ""dattebayo"" came to mind. It complemented Naruto's character, and served as a verbal tic that showed him to be something of a brat. Throughout the beginning of the Englishanime, the dub replaced ""dattebayo"" and ""-ttebayo"" with the phrase ""believe it!"" to mirror the effect, as well as to match the character's lip movements. See also:Dattebayo and Believe It"
https://hero.fandom.com/wiki/Hinata_Hy%C5%ABga,"After Hinata gained a brutal beating from sparring Neji, both Hinata's father andgrandfatherbegan doubting her potential, especially when her younger sisterHanabi's own prowess began rivalling Hinata's, despite being five years younger. Ultimately, it was decided Hinata and Hanabi would duel to decide the future heir of their clan. While the two sisters began fighting on par with each other, Hinata soon had an opening to win, but hesitated in not wanting to hurt her sister, to which Hanabi quickly counterattacked and won the duel. As a result, her frailty disheartened her father, which made Hinata lose her position to Hanabi. As her father chose to focus and develop Hanabi, he left Hinata underKurenai Yūhi's care and protection, deeming her a lost cause due to her lack of drive. Hinata's strained relationship with her father caused her to lose more faith in herself and she would often spend her time alone, crying. It was not until she met Naruto that her perception changed drastically: On a snowy day in March, while preparing to enroll at theAcademy, Hinata was degraded by a group of three bullies for her Byakugan. Naruto, who had witnessed the event, refused to let them insult her and came to her defense. Since they outnumbered him, the bullies had beaten him up and trampled over his red scarf. Surprised by how much Naruto stood up for someone he did not know, Hinata thanked him while Naruto let her keep the scarf since it was ruined. Ever since then, Hinata developed a strong admiration towards Naruto, and because he was treated as an outcast by almost everyone in the village, she found herself able to relate with his desire to be acknowledged and praised. She was also amazed that despite having nothing and no one to rely on, Naruto never gave up in believing he could become something great likeHokage. Inspired by his determination, Hinata ultimately decided to try her best to become strong so she could be acknowledged as well, and adopted Naruto'snindōof never giving up. Her admiration for Naruto eventually grew into love, despite warnings from her elders to stay away from him. Hinata is characterized as a shy, thoughtful, serene, kind and very polite girl, as noted from her always addressing people with properhonourifics. She is also very gentle, a trait that Neji and her father used to consider a flaw, and dislikes competing and fighting. She is shown to be incredibly empathetic, and, because of her upbringing, is one of the very first characters who identifies with Naruto's painful childhood and desire to be acknowledged and the very first person who actually supports him. Despite her fascination with Naruto, she wasn't allowed to approach him, due to being Hyuga Clan's heir, thus was strictly guarded and scheduled, and she lacked the nerve to defy her father; in the Academy, she finally had further freedom, but couldn't directly approach Naruto at first due to her strong shyness. Back in her childhood, as a result of her clan's high expectations as their heiress and her father, Hiashi's grueling training, being overshadowed by her younger sister, Hanabi, and Hiashi deeming her as a failure, Hinata had become very timid and lacked self-confidence. However, she has shown to be a very hard worker (something that her father initially failed to notice), as she continuously strove to change herself for the better, though initially this lack of self-confidence would hinder her on even missions. As the series progressed, Hinata became more open about her opinion and confident overall, as she demonstrated a willingness on occasion to take decisive action than ever before. By the time of theFourth Shinobi World War, her bravery and confidence has extended to the part where she is willing to put her own life on the line for her village, friends, and family. The strongest amount of Hinata's newfound confidence and bravery was displayed after Neji had died where, although shedding tears for her cousin's death, she was able to pull herself together, and even preventObito Uchihafrom breaking Naruto's spirit. Hinata's growing self-confidence mainly comes from her long-standing admiration for Naruto, as she was inspired by his enthusiasm and his unyielding determination to never give up no matter what the odds. In the beginning, Hinata was very shy around Naruto, constantly blushing and stuttering when talking with him. However, as Hinata's confidence in herself grows she gradually becomes more confident with herself and her desire to gain Naruto's affections. As the series progressed, her admiration towards him grew into genuine care and affection, eventually leading her to fall in love with him. Hinata also has an unshakeable faith in Naruto, believing that he will one day achieve his goal of becoming Hokage. DuringPain's assaulton Konoha, Hinata finally confessed her love to Naruto and was also willing to risk her life to protect him; Hinata realised that she was much weaker than Pain - who was uncharacteristically surprised by her efforts - yet she still was courageous enough to defend Naruto and enable his freedom from the chakra rods. After Neji was killed by Obito, she pulled herself together despite the pain she was feeling so she could inspire Naruto once more to not give up on himself, reiterating their sharednindō, showing how far she has come. Her feelings for Naruto have ultimately become her greatest desire, simply to be together with Naruto, as shown through theInfinite Tsukuyomi. This desire would finally become a reality years after the war, when Hinata and Naruto got married and started a family of their own, with two children that she like her husband, loves dearly. Ironically, when Naruto began to realize his love for her, she was oblivious to it like he was to her that it took him accidentally confessing to her to realize it. By the end of Part I, Hinata was able to foster better relations with both Neji and her father and started training with them, as well as growing closer and stronger together as a family. She is especially caring towards her little sister, Hanabi, to the point where she was hesitant to hurt her, even during their match to determine the heir to their clan. Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, when Hanabi was captured byToneri Ōtsutsuki, she went to great lengths to save her such as ""agreeing"" to marry Toneri, but in truth, it was a ruse; in spite of Hinata's hatred of having to deceive Naruto, she was able to be pragmatic for the sake of her sister and world itself, which demanded her to avoid raising Toneri's suspicions. After Toneri was seemingly foiled, Hinata emphatically apologised to Naruto for the deception, while he likewise apologised for failing to understand her tactics at first; though neither Hinata nor Naruto felt anger or merely annoyance over each other, due to both being incredibly forgiving inherently, and both grateful for their love too much to be concerned. Hinata is also the closest to her sensei Kurenai, who is not only interested in Hinata's growth as a ninja but also as a person. She knows Hinata's personal struggles and unlike her demanding father, Kurenai tries her best to coach Hinata in ways in which she knows her pupil will best respond. After Hinata was knocked down for the final time by Neji in theChūnin Exams, Kurenai silently congratulated her student's resolve and perseverance. Kurenai is aware of her affection for Naruto and encourages her to express herself to him; Kurenai would also act as her pupil's support in person when Hinata was struggling to other healing ointment to Naruto. Hinata gets along well with her teammates. Kiba has become one of her closest friends, and his actions toward her are often motivated by his concern for her, such as when he urged her to forfeit if she was matched against Neji or Gaara during the Chūnin Exams. Kiba is also aware of her feelings for Naruto, as he tends to tease her a lot about them by embarrassing her by telling her Naruto is near when he is not or pointing out when she blushes when thinking about Naruto. Shino possesses a quiet confidence in Hinata, and will make a point of assuring others when they doubt or worry about her; both Kiba and Shino hold a brotherly attachment to Hinata, thus they are both protective and encouraging of her. Perhaps due to her shyness and insecurity from being considered a failure, Hinata also had self-esteem issues in her appearance. By the time she was 16, she had become noticeably beautiful, however, her attire was either formal Hyuga ware, or most commonly her ninja uniform that was so baggy it hid her features. Granted, a not mutually exclusive factor could be that she was aware of her growth, but felt so self-conscious that she took steps to hide that fact; in the bathhouse, she became really self-conscious when other girls complimented her development. By the time she was 18, her experiences had built up her confidence so that her ninja outfit was more form-fitting and revealed her arms, in contrast to her original overly long sleeves. Ironically, her loss of insecurity coincided with Naruto's realisation that he loved her, thus he bashfully pointed out the relatively revealing style of her outfit, which she no longer considered an issue. While originally becoming overwhelmed by bashfulness and nerves to even be in the presence of Naruto, eventually, as her confidence grew over time, she was able to interact with him without stammering or passing out anymore; although, should there be somewhat lengthy separations, her prior shyness would return to an extent. Hinata was able to fearlessly confess her love during her fight against Pain, however, the life-threatening status of the situation, and presumption of death, likely gave her the push - if not adrenaline boost - to ignore her usual shy nature. Although, years later even at 18 years old, if she actually tried to express her feelings for him again, but during an everyday scenario, she would blush and be easily deterred; despite her hesitation being connected to her self-esteem, it was also simply her love being unconditional, since she only wanted Naruto to be happy, and although personally sad, she would selflessly support his happiness overall, even it were with another girl. After becoming a mother, Hinata became more mature and seemingly gained a stricter side, having to remind her children not to run outside barefoot when embracing their father. Furthermore, her heightened strictness has allowed her to keep both Naruto and Boruto in line, with the latter being fearful of incurring Hinata's anger. However, she is not above joining in their fun, such as having a snowball fight with them and her husband, and acts as a wise and supportive figure for her family. She does have some remnants of her old bashful self, such as when reminiscing about her past with Naruto, she falls into daydreaming until someone interjects, which makes her slightly embarrassment. Hinata's variant in the genjutsu world inRoad to Ninja: Naruto the Movie, like most has a vastly opposite personality. She is abrasive, ill-tempered, mean-spirited, violent, arrogant, and aggressively possessive of Menma (Naruto's alternate self). Unlike the regular world, she is the most dominant of the Hyuga, causing the bumbling Neji to become terrified of her anger. She also flaunts her beauty now, with her routine outfit, but now with shorts and the coat is unzipped to reveal a mesh midriff top. The only main personality continuation is her love for Menma/Naruto, although her possessiveness drives her to dangerous jealousy. Hinata has dark blue hair and fair skin - traits that she inherited from hermother. She also has the customary white eyes of her clan, which have a tinge of lavender in the anime. She is usually seen with a timid, shy expression in Part I, but less so in Part II, with the exception of when she is around Naruto. Like the rest of her clan, she possesses the renownedByakuganwhich, when activated, stimulates the veins and arteries immediately around her eyes to protrude much more prominently. In Part I, her hair was in a short, leveled hime-cut style just above her forehead, with chin-length strands framing her face. She wore a cream-coloured hooded-jacket with a fire symbol on the upper right and left sleeves and fur around the cuffs and hem, with navy blue pants. After earning her genin rank, she wore her Konohaforehead protectoraround her neck. At the Chūnin Exams finals, Hinata wore a long-sleeved, light blue blouse with a high collar, and dark blue pants. While at home, she was seen in the traditional Hyūga garb, consisting of a simple, loose-fitting robe with different colored trimmings, and an under-shirt. In Part II, Hinata retained her straight, hime-style haircut, but she had let her hair grow to reach her lower back, while the short strands that frame her face had grown to shoulder-length. Her figure had also grown to become much womanlier. She also donned an attire comprised of a loose-fitting, lavender and cream hooded jacket with lavender cuffs over mesh armor with navy blue pants and black, low-heeled sandals. Although she still wore her forehead protector around her neck, its color had changed from blue to black. In one of theomakes, she was seen wearing a beige apron and light blue scarf tied in a bandana style. In another omake, she was seen in a casual outfit that consisted of brown capri pants, brown sandals, and a dark green, hood-less jacket with a fire symbol on the upper-right side of her chest. The cuffs of the jacket were rolled up to the middle of her forearms; the inside of the jacket was shown to be cream-colored. Hinata had a light lavender blouse underneath. During the Fourth Shinobi World War, she donned the standard uniform of her village inclusive offlak jacket. Instead of wearing the forehead protector of theAllied Shinobi Forces, she has seemingly opted not to wear one at all. Two years afterthe Fourth Shinobi World War at age 18, Hinata changed her previous outfit to a slightly more revealing and form-fitting one. She is now seen wearing a light lavender, sleeveless kimono-style blouse with vertical lines, tied with a dark purple obi around her waist. She wears a pair of short dark navy shorts with thigh-high stockings, revealing parts of her upper thighs, and has changed her regular ninja sandals to black high-heeled boots. Hinata's hair increase slightly in volume and grows to hip-length. She also no longer wears her forehead protector. While off-duty, she wears a grey long-sleeved shirt underneath a pink shirt, black pants underneath a long cream-coloured skirt with pink horizontal stripes, and a pair of brown sandals. She is also seen wearing a lavender hooded jacket. After Hinata was brainwashed by Toneri during their marriage ceremony, she wore a black long and sleeveless dress with a high collar and matching long gloves. She also wore a blackturbanwith a black and light-yellow veil over, and yellow crescent moon earrings. After she marries Naruto and becomes a mother, Hinata has cut her hair and bangs to shoulder-length. Her attire consists of a maroon jacket with a dark purple shirt and a cream-coloured skirt. She also wears a pair of lavender slippers. Years later, Hinata has let her hair grow long again, and ties it in a ponytail now. She also dons an outfit that consists of a long-sleeved, collared white shirt, lavender dress, and blue pants. Hinata was born on December 27 and is the first daughter of Hiashi, who is the leader of the clan, and his unnamed wife. She has a younger sister named Hanabi and a cousin namedNeji. Hinata is described as a weakling in the clan because of her sweet and gentle nature in which her father fears that she is not fit to be the next heir to the clan and that her sister who is only about five years younger can surpass her. Hinata does her very best to become strong and she trains very hard to impress her father. Hinata has both feelings and admiration for Naruto who gives her the confidence to work very hard. She was later taken in byKurenai Yūhiwho became her sensei, and she later became part of the Rookie 9. During the Chunin Exams, she fought against her cousin Neji with Naruto cheering her on and giving her the courage to never back down, even though she was severely wounded. She is now on good terms with her clan, especially with Neji, who has become her protector, and later watched Naruto depart with Jiraiya on his two-year training so that he can get Sasuke back after he, the retrieval team, Rock Lee, and the three sand siblings previously failed due to the interference of Kimimaro. In Part II, Hinata is 16 years old and is now a full-level Chunin. When Naruto came back home for the first time after his journey, Hinata blushed and fainted. Hinata was assigned with her team along with Team Kakashi to look for Sasuke. Hinata along with Naruto and Yamato split up together until they were confronted by Kabuto Yakushi who gave them a book that had records and all the information about the Akatsuki members. Before Kabuto left, Hinata used her Byakugan and noticed that 33 percent of Kabuto's body is being covered with Orochimaru's flesh. Later, Hinata met up with her team and they encountered Tobi who delayed their search. Hinata used her Byakugan to help guide her team in finding Tobi. After hearing the news thatSasukedefeatedItachi, Tobi disappeared and Hinata used her Byakugan to help her team follow him. Hinata discovered that there were black flames (Amaterasu) burning where Sasuke and Itachi had their final battle, and the team rushed to investigate only to find that Tobi got there before they did and took Sasuke with him. Later, Pain invaded Konoha and Hinata helped tend to the citizens to escape the wreckage and heal the wounded. Hinata witnessed Naruto fighting Pain with her Byakugan and noticed that Naruto was starting to lose to Pain and was pinned down by him. Despite Naruto's orders not to get involved in his battle, Hinata rushed to Naruto's aid to defend Naruto. Naruto asked her why she was throwing her life away and she told him that she was doing it because she loved him, which shocked Naruto. In the manga, Hinata used herTwin Lion Fiststo attack Pain, but Pain simply dodged the attack, threw her down, and used his Chakra Sensor Rod and stab her. In the anime, she was able to hit the Deva Path with herTwin Lion Fistsand Pain used hisShinra Tenseito subdue her, but Hinata was able to stand up and continue to fight. She was able to crawl over to Naruto and remove the Chakra sensor Rod from Naruto's hand. While her nindo way was echoing in Naruto's head, Naruto watched as Pain stabbed Hinata. In both of these versions, it caused Naruto to snap and release the Eight-TailedKuramawhile the weakened Hinata watched on. Hinata was taken away from the team with Sakura healing her. Later, a relieved Hinata celebrated with the villagers on Naruto's victory of defeating Nagato and she smiled softly as the worried Sakura hugged and thanked Naruto. to be added to be added Originally, Hinata was considered weak due to her gentle personality which hindered her performance which deemed her unworthy for her role as the clan heiress. After committing herself to training to become stronger for Naruto, she received praise from her team and her clan for improving her skills and strengthening character. Two years after the war, Hinata was recognized byHamura Ōtsutsukias the Byakugan Princess proved to be crucial in the destruction of the Tenseigan, although she could not destroy it herself. Despite spending at least, a decade as a housewife she was able to survive an attempt to get Naruto back fromMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiand defeat Hanabi who is an active jōnin and continues training to become the next clan leader, in a sparring match. Hinata at the time was reluctant to fight and unprepared when Hanabi was attacking seriously. Despite being rusty, she was able to keep up and win against Hanabi. From special clan training, Hinata has very advanced chakra control. Hinata did additional training and expanded on it during Part I; one product of this training was to make Water Needles by forming her chakra around her from nearby water sources and be used as a projectile. By Part II of the anime, Hinata's control has advanced enough to match a medical-nin. which was the reason she was assigned to help perform the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier. When meeting Hamura, she inherited some of his charka because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan. Its strength and purity of her chakra attractsToneri Ōtsutsuki. Because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan and a direct bloodline from Hamura she could come into contact and find the Tenseigan. Though she could not destroy it herself, she instead held Naruto's hand to give him allowance to touch the Tenseigan and for him to destroy it, since anyone who does not have the bloodline of a Hyūga and Ōtsutsuki cannot touch it. As a Hyūga, Hinata possesses the Byakugan, which grants her penetrative vision in a near-360° around herself, with a blind spot at the back of the neck above the first thoracic vertebra. With it, she is able to assist others frequently in tracking, and scouting the area for their target(s); by focusing her vision on a single direction, Hinata can see across distances, reaching as far as 20 kilometers by the battle against Toneri. Hinata's Byakugan grants her attacks with pinpoint accuracies, which she can share with others to also improve their own. She can also use it in order to identify genjutsu, searching for the caster in the nearby area. In the anime, she can use infrared vision and magnify it to see tiny targets. By adulthood, the chakra sensitivity provided by the Byakugan allows her to pick up on the slightest presence of chakra. NarutoHidden Leaf VillageNew GenerationNaruto Uzumaki|Sasuke Uchiha|Sakura Haruno|Sai|Shikamaru Nara|Chōji Akimichi|Ino Yamanaka|Hinata Hyūga|Kiba Inuzuka|Shino Aburame|Rock Lee|Neji Hyūga|Tenten MentorsKakashi Hatake|Iruka Umino|Ebisu|Jiraiya|Yamato|Might Guy|Asuma Sarutobi|Kurenai Yūhi|Konohamaru Sarutobi|Shino Aburame|Hanabi Hyūga HokagesHashirama Senju|Tobirama Senju|Hiruzen Sarutobi|Minato Namikaze|Tsunade|Kakashi Hatake|Naruto Uzumaki OthersAkamaru|Chōza Akimichi|Shikaku Nara|Ibiki Morino|Inoichi Yamanaka|Anko Mitarashi|Shizune|Genma Shiranui|Orochimaru|Kabuto Yakushi|Kushina Uzumaki|Mito Uzumaki|Itachi Uchiha|Shisui Uchiha|Obito Uchiha|Rin Nohara|Yugao Uzuki Leaders ofAllied Shinobi ForcesA|Ao|Darui|Gaara|Inoichi Yamanaka|Kakashi Hatake|Kankurō|Mifune|Shikaku Nara|Shizune Hidden Sand VillageGaara|Temari|Kankurō|Chiyo Hidden Cloud VillageA|B|Darui|Motoi|Omoi Hidden Mist VillageMei Terumī|Ao|Kagura Karatachi Hidden Stone VillageŌnoki|Kurotsuchi Tailed BeastsKurama OthersAsura Ōtsutsuki|Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki|Haku|Hamura Ōtsutsuki|Jūgo|Karin|Konan|Nagato|Suigetsu Hōzuki|Utakata|Yahiko|Zabuza Momochi Boruto: Naruto Next GenerationsNew GenerationsBoruto Uzumaki|Sarada Uchiha|Mitsuki|Shikadai Nara|Chōchō Akimichi|Inojin Yamanaka|Metal Lee|Himawari Uzumaki|Mirai Sarutobi|Sumire Kakei|Kagura Karatachi|Kawaki OthersKoji Kashin Non-canonYugao Uzuki","Back in her childhood, as a result of her clan's high expectations as their heiress and her father, Hiashi's grueling training, being overshadowed by her younger sister, Hanabi, and Hiashi deeming her as a failure, Hinata had become very timid and lacked self-confidence. However, she has shown to be a very hard worker (something that her father initially failed to notice), as she continuously strove to change herself for the better, though initially this lack of self-confidence would hinder her on even missions. As the series progressed, Hinata became more open about her opinion and confident overall, as she demonstrated a willingness on occasion to take decisive action than ever before. By the time of theFourth Shinobi World War, her bravery and confidence has extended to the part where she is willing to put her own life on the line for her village, friends, and family. The strongest amount of Hinata's newfound confidence and bravery was displayed after Neji had died where, although shedding tears for her cousin's death, she was able to pull herself together, and even preventObito Uchihafrom breaking Naruto's spirit. Hinata's growing self-confidence mainly comes from her long-standing admiration for Naruto, as she was inspired by his enthusiasm and his unyielding determination to never give up no matter what the odds. In the beginning, Hinata was very shy around Naruto, constantly blushing and stuttering when talking with him. However, as Hinata's confidence in herself grows she gradually becomes more confident with herself and her desire to gain Naruto's affections. As the series progressed, her admiration towards him grew into genuine care and affection, eventually leading her to fall in love with him. Hinata also has an unshakeable faith in Naruto, believing that he will one day achieve his goal of becoming Hokage. DuringPain's assaulton Konoha, Hinata finally confessed her love to Naruto and was also willing to risk her life to protect him; Hinata realised that she was much weaker than Pain - who was uncharacteristically surprised by her efforts - yet she still was courageous enough to defend Naruto and enable his freedom from the chakra rods. After Neji was killed by Obito, she pulled herself together despite the pain she was feeling so she could inspire Naruto once more to not give up on himself, reiterating their sharednindō, showing how far she has come. Her feelings for Naruto have ultimately become her greatest desire, simply to be together with Naruto, as shown through theInfinite Tsukuyomi. This desire would finally become a reality years after the war, when Hinata and Naruto got married and started a family of their own, with two children that she like her husband, loves dearly. Ironically, when Naruto began to realize his love for her, she was oblivious to it like he was to her that it took him accidentally confessing to her to realize it. By the end of Part I, Hinata was able to foster better relations with both Neji and her father and started training with them, as well as growing closer and stronger together as a family. She is especially caring towards her little sister, Hanabi, to the point where she was hesitant to hurt her, even during their match to determine the heir to their clan. Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, when Hanabi was captured byToneri Ōtsutsuki, she went to great lengths to save her such as ""agreeing"" to marry Toneri, but in truth, it was a ruse; in spite of Hinata's hatred of having to deceive Naruto, she was able to be pragmatic for the sake of her sister and world itself, which demanded her to avoid raising Toneri's suspicions. After Toneri was seemingly foiled, Hinata emphatically apologised to Naruto for the deception, while he likewise apologised for failing to understand her tactics at first; though neither Hinata nor Naruto felt anger or merely annoyance over each other, due to both being incredibly forgiving inherently, and both grateful for their love too much to be concerned. Hinata is also the closest to her sensei Kurenai, who is not only interested in Hinata's growth as a ninja but also as a person. She knows Hinata's personal struggles and unlike her demanding father, Kurenai tries her best to coach Hinata in ways in which she knows her pupil will best respond. After Hinata was knocked down for the final time by Neji in theChūnin Exams, Kurenai silently congratulated her student's resolve and perseverance. Kurenai is aware of her affection for Naruto and encourages her to express herself to him; Kurenai would also act as her pupil's support in person when Hinata was struggling to other healing ointment to Naruto. Hinata gets along well with her teammates. Kiba has become one of her closest friends, and his actions toward her are often motivated by his concern for her, such as when he urged her to forfeit if she was matched against Neji or Gaara during the Chūnin Exams. Kiba is also aware of her feelings for Naruto, as he tends to tease her a lot about them by embarrassing her by telling her Naruto is near when he is not or pointing out when she blushes when thinking about Naruto. Shino possesses a quiet confidence in Hinata, and will make a point of assuring others when they doubt or worry about her; both Kiba and Shino hold a brotherly attachment to Hinata, thus they are both protective and encouraging of her. Perhaps due to her shyness and insecurity from being considered a failure, Hinata also had self-esteem issues in her appearance. By the time she was 16, she had become noticeably beautiful, however, her attire was either formal Hyuga ware, or most commonly her ninja uniform that was so baggy it hid her features. Granted, a not mutually exclusive factor could be that she was aware of her growth, but felt so self-conscious that she took steps to hide that fact; in the bathhouse, she became really self-conscious when other girls complimented her development. By the time she was 18, her experiences had built up her confidence so that her ninja outfit was more form-fitting and revealed her arms, in contrast to her original overly long sleeves. Ironically, her loss of insecurity coincided with Naruto's realisation that he loved her, thus he bashfully pointed out the relatively revealing style of her outfit, which she no longer considered an issue. While originally becoming overwhelmed by bashfulness and nerves to even be in the presence of Naruto, eventually, as her confidence grew over time, she was able to interact with him without stammering or passing out anymore; although, should there be somewhat lengthy separations, her prior shyness would return to an extent. Hinata was able to fearlessly confess her love during her fight against Pain, however, the life-threatening status of the situation, and presumption of death, likely gave her the push - if not adrenaline boost - to ignore her usual shy nature. Although, years later even at 18 years old, if she actually tried to express her feelings for him again, but during an everyday scenario, she would blush and be easily deterred; despite her hesitation being connected to her self-esteem, it was also simply her love being unconditional, since she only wanted Naruto to be happy, and although personally sad, she would selflessly support his happiness overall, even it were with another girl. After becoming a mother, Hinata became more mature and seemingly gained a stricter side, having to remind her children not to run outside barefoot when embracing their father. Furthermore, her heightened strictness has allowed her to keep both Naruto and Boruto in line, with the latter being fearful of incurring Hinata's anger. However, she is not above joining in their fun, such as having a snowball fight with them and her husband, and acts as a wise and supportive figure for her family. She does have some remnants of her old bashful self, such as when reminiscing about her past with Naruto, she falls into daydreaming until someone interjects, which makes her slightly embarrassment. Hinata's variant in the genjutsu world inRoad to Ninja: Naruto the Movie, like most has a vastly opposite personality. She is abrasive, ill-tempered, mean-spirited, violent, arrogant, and aggressively possessive of Menma (Naruto's alternate self). Unlike the regular world, she is the most dominant of the Hyuga, causing the bumbling Neji to become terrified of her anger. She also flaunts her beauty now, with her routine outfit, but now with shorts and the coat is unzipped to reveal a mesh midriff top. The only main personality continuation is her love for Menma/Naruto, although her possessiveness drives her to dangerous jealousy. Hinata has dark blue hair and fair skin - traits that she inherited from hermother. She also has the customary white eyes of her clan, which have a tinge of lavender in the anime. She is usually seen with a timid, shy expression in Part I, but less so in Part II, with the exception of when she is around Naruto. Like the rest of her clan, she possesses the renownedByakuganwhich, when activated, stimulates the veins and arteries immediately around her eyes to protrude much more prominently. In Part I, her hair was in a short, leveled hime-cut style just above her forehead, with chin-length strands framing her face. She wore a cream-coloured hooded-jacket with a fire symbol on the upper right and left sleeves and fur around the cuffs and hem, with navy blue pants. After earning her genin rank, she wore her Konohaforehead protectoraround her neck. At the Chūnin Exams finals, Hinata wore a long-sleeved, light blue blouse with a high collar, and dark blue pants. While at home, she was seen in the traditional Hyūga garb, consisting of a simple, loose-fitting robe with different colored trimmings, and an under-shirt. In Part II, Hinata retained her straight, hime-style haircut, but she had let her hair grow to reach her lower back, while the short strands that frame her face had grown to shoulder-length. Her figure had also grown to become much womanlier. She also donned an attire comprised of a loose-fitting, lavender and cream hooded jacket with lavender cuffs over mesh armor with navy blue pants and black, low-heeled sandals. Although she still wore her forehead protector around her neck, its color had changed from blue to black. In one of theomakes, she was seen wearing a beige apron and light blue scarf tied in a bandana style. In another omake, she was seen in a casual outfit that consisted of brown capri pants, brown sandals, and a dark green, hood-less jacket with a fire symbol on the upper-right side of her chest. The cuffs of the jacket were rolled up to the middle of her forearms; the inside of the jacket was shown to be cream-colored. Hinata had a light lavender blouse underneath. During the Fourth Shinobi World War, she donned the standard uniform of her village inclusive offlak jacket. Instead of wearing the forehead protector of theAllied Shinobi Forces, she has seemingly opted not to wear one at all. Two years afterthe Fourth Shinobi World War at age 18, Hinata changed her previous outfit to a slightly more revealing and form-fitting one. She is now seen wearing a light lavender, sleeveless kimono-style blouse with vertical lines, tied with a dark purple obi around her waist. She wears a pair of short dark navy shorts with thigh-high stockings, revealing parts of her upper thighs, and has changed her regular ninja sandals to black high-heeled boots. Hinata's hair increase slightly in volume and grows to hip-length. She also no longer wears her forehead protector. While off-duty, she wears a grey long-sleeved shirt underneath a pink shirt, black pants underneath a long cream-coloured skirt with pink horizontal stripes, and a pair of brown sandals. She is also seen wearing a lavender hooded jacket. After Hinata was brainwashed by Toneri during their marriage ceremony, she wore a black long and sleeveless dress with a high collar and matching long gloves. She also wore a blackturbanwith a black and light-yellow veil over, and yellow crescent moon earrings. After she marries Naruto and becomes a mother, Hinata has cut her hair and bangs to shoulder-length. Her attire consists of a maroon jacket with a dark purple shirt and a cream-coloured skirt. She also wears a pair of lavender slippers. Years later, Hinata has let her hair grow long again, and ties it in a ponytail now. She also dons an outfit that consists of a long-sleeved, collared white shirt, lavender dress, and blue pants. Hinata was born on December 27 and is the first daughter of Hiashi, who is the leader of the clan, and his unnamed wife. She has a younger sister named Hanabi and a cousin namedNeji. Hinata is described as a weakling in the clan because of her sweet and gentle nature in which her father fears that she is not fit to be the next heir to the clan and that her sister who is only about five years younger can surpass her. Hinata does her very best to become strong and she trains very hard to impress her father. Hinata has both feelings and admiration for Naruto who gives her the confidence to work very hard. She was later taken in byKurenai Yūhiwho became her sensei, and she later became part of the Rookie 9. During the Chunin Exams, she fought against her cousin Neji with Naruto cheering her on and giving her the courage to never back down, even though she was severely wounded. She is now on good terms with her clan, especially with Neji, who has become her protector, and later watched Naruto depart with Jiraiya on his two-year training so that he can get Sasuke back after he, the retrieval team, Rock Lee, and the three sand siblings previously failed due to the interference of Kimimaro. In Part II, Hinata is 16 years old and is now a full-level Chunin. When Naruto came back home for the first time after his journey, Hinata blushed and fainted. Hinata was assigned with her team along with Team Kakashi to look for Sasuke. Hinata along with Naruto and Yamato split up together until they were confronted by Kabuto Yakushi who gave them a book that had records and all the information about the Akatsuki members. Before Kabuto left, Hinata used her Byakugan and noticed that 33 percent of Kabuto's body is being covered with Orochimaru's flesh. Later, Hinata met up with her team and they encountered Tobi who delayed their search. Hinata used her Byakugan to help guide her team in finding Tobi. After hearing the news thatSasukedefeatedItachi, Tobi disappeared and Hinata used her Byakugan to help her team follow him. Hinata discovered that there were black flames (Amaterasu) burning where Sasuke and Itachi had their final battle, and the team rushed to investigate only to find that Tobi got there before they did and took Sasuke with him. Later, Pain invaded Konoha and Hinata helped tend to the citizens to escape the wreckage and heal the wounded. Hinata witnessed Naruto fighting Pain with her Byakugan and noticed that Naruto was starting to lose to Pain and was pinned down by him. Despite Naruto's orders not to get involved in his battle, Hinata rushed to Naruto's aid to defend Naruto. Naruto asked her why she was throwing her life away and she told him that she was doing it because she loved him, which shocked Naruto. In the manga, Hinata used herTwin Lion Fiststo attack Pain, but Pain simply dodged the attack, threw her down, and used his Chakra Sensor Rod and stab her. In the anime, she was able to hit the Deva Path with herTwin Lion Fistsand Pain used hisShinra Tenseito subdue her, but Hinata was able to stand up and continue to fight. She was able to crawl over to Naruto and remove the Chakra sensor Rod from Naruto's hand. While her nindo way was echoing in Naruto's head, Naruto watched as Pain stabbed Hinata. In both of these versions, it caused Naruto to snap and release the Eight-TailedKuramawhile the weakened Hinata watched on. Hinata was taken away from the team with Sakura healing her. Later, a relieved Hinata celebrated with the villagers on Naruto's victory of defeating Nagato and she smiled softly as the worried Sakura hugged and thanked Naruto. to be added to be added Originally, Hinata was considered weak due to her gentle personality which hindered her performance which deemed her unworthy for her role as the clan heiress. After committing herself to training to become stronger for Naruto, she received praise from her team and her clan for improving her skills and strengthening character. Two years after the war, Hinata was recognized byHamura Ōtsutsukias the Byakugan Princess proved to be crucial in the destruction of the Tenseigan, although she could not destroy it herself. Despite spending at least, a decade as a housewife she was able to survive an attempt to get Naruto back fromMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiand defeat Hanabi who is an active jōnin and continues training to become the next clan leader, in a sparring match. Hinata at the time was reluctant to fight and unprepared when Hanabi was attacking seriously. Despite being rusty, she was able to keep up and win against Hanabi. From special clan training, Hinata has very advanced chakra control. Hinata did additional training and expanded on it during Part I; one product of this training was to make Water Needles by forming her chakra around her from nearby water sources and be used as a projectile. By Part II of the anime, Hinata's control has advanced enough to match a medical-nin. which was the reason she was assigned to help perform the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier. When meeting Hamura, she inherited some of his charka because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan. Its strength and purity of her chakra attractsToneri Ōtsutsuki. Because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan and a direct bloodline from Hamura she could come into contact and find the Tenseigan. Though she could not destroy it herself, she instead held Naruto's hand to give him allowance to touch the Tenseigan and for him to destroy it, since anyone who does not have the bloodline of a Hyūga and Ōtsutsuki cannot touch it. As a Hyūga, Hinata possesses the Byakugan, which grants her penetrative vision in a near-360° around herself, with a blind spot at the back of the neck above the first thoracic vertebra. With it, she is able to assist others frequently in tracking, and scouting the area for their target(s); by focusing her vision on a single direction, Hinata can see across distances, reaching as far as 20 kilometers by the battle against Toneri. Hinata's Byakugan grants her attacks with pinpoint accuracies, which she can share with others to also improve their own. She can also use it in order to identify genjutsu, searching for the caster in the nearby area. In the anime, she can use infrared vision and magnify it to see tiny targets. By adulthood, the chakra sensitivity provided by the Byakugan allows her to pick up on the slightest presence of chakra. NarutoHidden Leaf VillageNew GenerationNaruto Uzumaki|Sasuke Uchiha|Sakura Haruno|Sai|Shikamaru Nara|Chōji Akimichi|Ino Yamanaka|Hinata Hyūga|Kiba Inuzuka|Shino Aburame|Rock Lee|Neji Hyūga|Tenten MentorsKakashi Hatake|Iruka Umino|Ebisu|Jiraiya|Yamato|Might Guy|Asuma Sarutobi|Kurenai Yūhi|Konohamaru Sarutobi|Shino Aburame|Hanabi Hyūga HokagesHashirama Senju|Tobirama Senju|Hiruzen Sarutobi|Minato Namikaze|Tsunade|Kakashi Hatake|Naruto Uzumaki OthersAkamaru|Chōza Akimichi|Shikaku Nara|Ibiki Morino|Inoichi Yamanaka|Anko Mitarashi|Shizune|Genma Shiranui|Orochimaru|Kabuto Yakushi|Kushina Uzumaki|Mito Uzumaki|Itachi Uchiha|Shisui Uchiha|Obito Uchiha|Rin Nohara|Yugao Uzuki Leaders ofAllied Shinobi ForcesA|Ao|Darui|Gaara|Inoichi Yamanaka|Kakashi Hatake|Kankurō|Mifune|Shikaku Nara|Shizune Hidden Sand VillageGaara|Temari|Kankurō|Chiyo Hidden Cloud VillageA|B|Darui|Motoi|Omoi Hidden Mist VillageMei Terumī|Ao|Kagura Karatachi Hidden Stone VillageŌnoki|Kurotsuchi Tailed BeastsKurama OthersAsura Ōtsutsuki|Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki|Haku|Hamura Ōtsutsuki|Jūgo|Karin|Konan|Nagato|Suigetsu Hōzuki|Utakata|Yahiko|Zabuza Momochi Boruto: Naruto Next GenerationsNew GenerationsBoruto Uzumaki|Sarada Uchiha|Mitsuki|Shikadai Nara|Chōchō Akimichi|Inojin Yamanaka|Metal Lee|Himawari Uzumaki|Mirai Sarutobi|Sumire Kakei|Kagura Karatachi|Kawaki OthersKoji Kashin Non-canonYugao Uzuki","In Part I, her hair was in a short, leveled hime-cut style just above her forehead, with chin-length strands framing her face. She wore a cream-coloured hooded-jacket with a fire symbol on the upper right and left sleeves and fur around the cuffs and hem, with navy blue pants. After earning her genin rank, she wore her Konohaforehead protectoraround her neck. At the Chūnin Exams finals, Hinata wore a long-sleeved, light blue blouse with a high collar, and dark blue pants. While at home, she was seen in the traditional Hyūga garb, consisting of a simple, loose-fitting robe with different colored trimmings, and an under-shirt. In Part II, Hinata retained her straight, hime-style haircut, but she had let her hair grow to reach her lower back, while the short strands that frame her face had grown to shoulder-length. Her figure had also grown to become much womanlier. She also donned an attire comprised of a loose-fitting, lavender and cream hooded jacket with lavender cuffs over mesh armor with navy blue pants and black, low-heeled sandals. Although she still wore her forehead protector around her neck, its color had changed from blue to black. In one of theomakes, she was seen wearing a beige apron and light blue scarf tied in a bandana style. In another omake, she was seen in a casual outfit that consisted of brown capri pants, brown sandals, and a dark green, hood-less jacket with a fire symbol on the upper-right side of her chest. The cuffs of the jacket were rolled up to the middle of her forearms; the inside of the jacket was shown to be cream-colored. Hinata had a light lavender blouse underneath. During the Fourth Shinobi World War, she donned the standard uniform of her village inclusive offlak jacket. Instead of wearing the forehead protector of theAllied Shinobi Forces, she has seemingly opted not to wear one at all. Two years afterthe Fourth Shinobi World War at age 18, Hinata changed her previous outfit to a slightly more revealing and form-fitting one. She is now seen wearing a light lavender, sleeveless kimono-style blouse with vertical lines, tied with a dark purple obi around her waist. She wears a pair of short dark navy shorts with thigh-high stockings, revealing parts of her upper thighs, and has changed her regular ninja sandals to black high-heeled boots. Hinata's hair increase slightly in volume and grows to hip-length. She also no longer wears her forehead protector. While off-duty, she wears a grey long-sleeved shirt underneath a pink shirt, black pants underneath a long cream-coloured skirt with pink horizontal stripes, and a pair of brown sandals. She is also seen wearing a lavender hooded jacket. After Hinata was brainwashed by Toneri during their marriage ceremony, she wore a black long and sleeveless dress with a high collar and matching long gloves. She also wore a blackturbanwith a black and light-yellow veil over, and yellow crescent moon earrings. After she marries Naruto and becomes a mother, Hinata has cut her hair and bangs to shoulder-length. Her attire consists of a maroon jacket with a dark purple shirt and a cream-coloured skirt. She also wears a pair of lavender slippers. Years later, Hinata has let her hair grow long again, and ties it in a ponytail now. She also dons an outfit that consists of a long-sleeved, collared white shirt, lavender dress, and blue pants. Hinata was born on December 27 and is the first daughter of Hiashi, who is the leader of the clan, and his unnamed wife. She has a younger sister named Hanabi and a cousin namedNeji. Hinata is described as a weakling in the clan because of her sweet and gentle nature in which her father fears that she is not fit to be the next heir to the clan and that her sister who is only about five years younger can surpass her. Hinata does her very best to become strong and she trains very hard to impress her father. Hinata has both feelings and admiration for Naruto who gives her the confidence to work very hard. She was later taken in byKurenai Yūhiwho became her sensei, and she later became part of the Rookie 9. During the Chunin Exams, she fought against her cousin Neji with Naruto cheering her on and giving her the courage to never back down, even though she was severely wounded. She is now on good terms with her clan, especially with Neji, who has become her protector, and later watched Naruto depart with Jiraiya on his two-year training so that he can get Sasuke back after he, the retrieval team, Rock Lee, and the three sand siblings previously failed due to the interference of Kimimaro. In Part II, Hinata is 16 years old and is now a full-level Chunin. When Naruto came back home for the first time after his journey, Hinata blushed and fainted. Hinata was assigned with her team along with Team Kakashi to look for Sasuke. Hinata along with Naruto and Yamato split up together until they were confronted by Kabuto Yakushi who gave them a book that had records and all the information about the Akatsuki members. Before Kabuto left, Hinata used her Byakugan and noticed that 33 percent of Kabuto's body is being covered with Orochimaru's flesh. Later, Hinata met up with her team and they encountered Tobi who delayed their search. Hinata used her Byakugan to help guide her team in finding Tobi. After hearing the news thatSasukedefeatedItachi, Tobi disappeared and Hinata used her Byakugan to help her team follow him. Hinata discovered that there were black flames (Amaterasu) burning where Sasuke and Itachi had their final battle, and the team rushed to investigate only to find that Tobi got there before they did and took Sasuke with him. Later, Pain invaded Konoha and Hinata helped tend to the citizens to escape the wreckage and heal the wounded. Hinata witnessed Naruto fighting Pain with her Byakugan and noticed that Naruto was starting to lose to Pain and was pinned down by him. Despite Naruto's orders not to get involved in his battle, Hinata rushed to Naruto's aid to defend Naruto. Naruto asked her why she was throwing her life away and she told him that she was doing it because she loved him, which shocked Naruto. In the manga, Hinata used herTwin Lion Fiststo attack Pain, but Pain simply dodged the attack, threw her down, and used his Chakra Sensor Rod and stab her. In the anime, she was able to hit the Deva Path with herTwin Lion Fistsand Pain used hisShinra Tenseito subdue her, but Hinata was able to stand up and continue to fight. She was able to crawl over to Naruto and remove the Chakra sensor Rod from Naruto's hand. While her nindo way was echoing in Naruto's head, Naruto watched as Pain stabbed Hinata. In both of these versions, it caused Naruto to snap and release the Eight-TailedKuramawhile the weakened Hinata watched on. Hinata was taken away from the team with Sakura healing her. Later, a relieved Hinata celebrated with the villagers on Naruto's victory of defeating Nagato and she smiled softly as the worried Sakura hugged and thanked Naruto. to be added to be added Originally, Hinata was considered weak due to her gentle personality which hindered her performance which deemed her unworthy for her role as the clan heiress. After committing herself to training to become stronger for Naruto, she received praise from her team and her clan for improving her skills and strengthening character. Two years after the war, Hinata was recognized byHamura Ōtsutsukias the Byakugan Princess proved to be crucial in the destruction of the Tenseigan, although she could not destroy it herself. Despite spending at least, a decade as a housewife she was able to survive an attempt to get Naruto back fromMomoshiki Ōtsutsukiand defeat Hanabi who is an active jōnin and continues training to become the next clan leader, in a sparring match. Hinata at the time was reluctant to fight and unprepared when Hanabi was attacking seriously. Despite being rusty, she was able to keep up and win against Hanabi. From special clan training, Hinata has very advanced chakra control. Hinata did additional training and expanded on it during Part I; one product of this training was to make Water Needles by forming her chakra around her from nearby water sources and be used as a projectile. By Part II of the anime, Hinata's control has advanced enough to match a medical-nin. which was the reason she was assigned to help perform the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier. When meeting Hamura, she inherited some of his charka because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan. Its strength and purity of her chakra attractsToneri Ōtsutsuki. Because she is a member of the main house of the Hyūga clan and a direct bloodline from Hamura she could come into contact and find the Tenseigan. Though she could not destroy it herself, she instead held Naruto's hand to give him allowance to touch the Tenseigan and for him to destroy it, since anyone who does not have the bloodline of a Hyūga and Ōtsutsuki cannot touch it. As a Hyūga, Hinata possesses the Byakugan, which grants her penetrative vision in a near-360° around herself, with a blind spot at the back of the neck above the first thoracic vertebra. With it, she is able to assist others frequently in tracking, and scouting the area for their target(s); by focusing her vision on a single direction, Hinata can see across distances, reaching as far as 20 kilometers by the battle against Toneri. Hinata's Byakugan grants her attacks with pinpoint accuracies, which she can share with others to also improve their own. She can also use it in order to identify genjutsu, searching for the caster in the nearby area. In the anime, she can use infrared vision and magnify it to see tiny targets. By adulthood, the chakra sensitivity provided by the Byakugan allows her to pick up on the slightest presence of chakra. NarutoHidden Leaf VillageNew GenerationNaruto Uzumaki|Sasuke Uchiha|Sakura Haruno|Sai|Shikamaru Nara|Chōji Akimichi|Ino Yamanaka|Hinata Hyūga|Kiba Inuzuka|Shino Aburame|Rock Lee|Neji Hyūga|Tenten MentorsKakashi Hatake|Iruka Umino|Ebisu|Jiraiya|Yamato|Might Guy|Asuma Sarutobi|Kurenai Yūhi|Konohamaru Sarutobi|Shino Aburame|Hanabi Hyūga HokagesHashirama Senju|Tobirama Senju|Hiruzen Sarutobi|Minato Namikaze|Tsunade|Kakashi Hatake|Naruto Uzumaki OthersAkamaru|Chōza Akimichi|Shikaku Nara|Ibiki Morino|Inoichi Yamanaka|Anko Mitarashi|Shizune|Genma Shiranui|Orochimaru|Kabuto Yakushi|Kushina Uzumaki|Mito Uzumaki|Itachi Uchiha|Shisui Uchiha|Obito Uchiha|Rin Nohara|Yugao Uzuki Leaders ofAllied Shinobi ForcesA|Ao|Darui|Gaara|Inoichi Yamanaka|Kakashi Hatake|Kankurō|Mifune|Shikaku Nara|Shizune Hidden Sand VillageGaara|Temari|Kankurō|Chiyo Hidden Cloud VillageA|B|Darui|Motoi|Omoi Hidden Mist VillageMei Terumī|Ao|Kagura Karatachi Hidden Stone VillageŌnoki|Kurotsuchi Tailed BeastsKurama OthersAsura Ōtsutsuki|Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki|Haku|Hamura Ōtsutsuki|Jūgo|Karin|Konan|Nagato|Suigetsu Hōzuki|Utakata|Yahiko|Zabuza Momochi Boruto: Naruto Next GenerationsNew GenerationsBoruto Uzumaki|Sarada Uchiha|Mitsuki|Shikadai Nara|Chōchō Akimichi|Inojin Yamanaka|Metal Lee|Himawari Uzumaki|Mirai Sarutobi|Sumire Kakei|Kagura Karatachi|Kawaki OthersKoji Kashin Non-canonYugao Uzuki"
