Content	Keywords
Who is Irene Zhao, the Singapore Instagram influencer who made over US$5 million selling her photos as NFTs – and caught Logan Paul’s attention in the process? | South China Morning Post Style Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Celebrities Who is Irene Zhao, the Singapore Instagram influencer who made over US$5 million selling her photos as NFTs – and caught Logan Paul’s attention in the process? STORY Ishan Singh Feb 5 , 2022 Instagram-famous model Irene Dao is getting attention for another reason right now – her tech savvy. Photo: @b1gqing/Instagram NFTs + FOLLOW 3 YouTuber Logan Paul spent over US$250,000 on the IreneDAO NFT collection she launched to provide an opportunity for influencers to be more fairly compensated By being an Insta model for brands like Zalora and ADLV for fun and a decentralised finance expert by profession, Zhao found a smart way to combine the two NFTs continue to take the world by storm and social media influencers are starting to catch on to the trend 	nft, dao, photo, instagram, influencer
Case in point: for Irene Zhao, one of Singapore’s biggest Instagram stars, these uniquely identifiable jpegs earned her over US$5 million this January. Over the last few months, the 28-year-old has gone from being a model to a notable figure in the cryptocurrency space	cryptocurrency, instagram
And although many have written off her success as a stroke of luck, there’s a lot more to Zhao’s NFT collection, IreneDAO, than meets the eye. Irene Zhao was born in China but now lives and works in Singapore	nft
Photo: @b1gqing/Instagram Advertisement Zhao’s journey into the world of blockchain has been nothing short of remarkable. In a space which hasn’t been short of controversy – influencers have often baited their followers into pump-and-dump schemes, boosting the price of a stock through fake recommendations – her NFT collection has actually been delivering on its promises	blockchain, nft, photo, instagram
Before getting into that though, here’s how Zhao got to where she is today. She started her influencer journey while at university The model has collaborated with numerous fashion and beauty brands since she started her Instagram page	instagram, influencer
Photo: @b1gqing/Instagram Zhao moved to Singapore from China as a teenager, back in 2008. After finishing schooling, she enrolled at the National University of Singapore to pursue a degree in communications	photo, instagram
This was when she began posting on Instagram as well. Her content mainly consisted of fashion and fitness related posts and she only had around 800 followers at first	posting, instagram
She claims that she “got lucky” when people started liking her photos. In the six years since then, Zhao’s following has grown to 420,000	lucky, people
She has made Singapore her home and has no apparent plans of leaving any time soon. Zhao says she knows her followers don’t always like it when she posts sponsored content	home
Photo: @b1gqing/Instagram As one of the 10 top influencers in the country, Zhao has worked with Asian brands such as Zalora and Acmé De La Vie. She shows off her wardrobe on an almost-daily basis, and we swear we’ve never seen her wear the same outfit twice.	photo, instagram