Content	Keywords
Jupiters collaboration with Irene Zhao sparked controversy; ZachXBT questioned its involvement in multiple fraud projects Jupiters collaboration with Irene Zhao sparked controversy; ZachXBT questioned its involvement in multiple fraud projects. Collaboration with Irene Zhao sparked controversy Jupiter, a decentralized  cryptocurrency  aggregator, has recently been caught in a storm for announcing a  partnership  with a controversial KOL. Meow, the anonymous founder of Jupiter, a  Solana  decentralized exchange aggregator, announced on the X platform yesterday (July 23) that it would launch a meme coin in partnership with Irene Zhao, a KOL from Singapore. This news has caused strong dissatisfaction in the cryptocurrency community because Irene Zhao has been involved in several suspicious crypto-related activities before. Jupiters anonymous founder meow announced a partnership with Singapore KOL Irene Zhao to launch a meme coin. According to the announcement, the collaboration aims to improve the ecosystem of  memecoin s and provide crypto enthusiasts with a chain mother they can rely on when they are sad.	Jupiter, Cryptocurrency, KOL, Solana
He also pointed out that the plan hopes to solve major problems in the current memecoin issuance environment, such as fake wide distribution, front-running and lying KOLs. Meow Miao said: If the plan is successful, it can ideally provide a model for other meme coins to compare with the front running, black box control, instant selling, and paranoid issuance ecology we have seen so far. However, this announcement quickly attracted criticism from many netizens, with most comments accusing Jupiter of being inconsistent in what it said and what it did, because its cooperation with Irene Zhao was simply supporting fraud. On-chain detective ZachXBT released a series of evidence to tease the irony of this cooperation, pointing out that Irene Zhao had conducted opaque transactions in her So-Col project.	Jupiter, KOL, Memecoins, SIMP
ZachXBT accused Irene Zhao of defrauding early investors through secret transactions with DWF in the past, and the community was completely unaware of this. On-chain detective ZachXBT released a series of evidence to tease the irony of this collaboration. The accusations were also included in Xs Community Notes, which added: Irene Zhao has been involved in multiple fraud projects. Be careful when dealing with them. It was considered a helpful comment. As of the time of writing, the note has been viewed 81,000 times and is generally considered by netizens to be citing excellent sources and providing important relevant context.     Netizens commented on the content of meow 喵s announcement, and received positive comments from most netizens.	DWF
Controversy and responses in early projects. Icing, a netizen on X, also specifically mentioned: The Internet has memory and sorted out the projects that Irene Zhao has participated in in the past, including the most controversial $SIMP and IreneDAO NFT.  	IreneDAO, SIMP
So-Col ($SIMP)   Evidence provided by ZachXBT shows that in February this year, market  maker DWF Labs invested $1.5 million to purchase the native $SIMP tokens of Irene Zhaos So-Col project. Irene Zhao had promised to lock these tokens for one year, until February 2024. However, on-chain data shows that DWF received more than 3 million $SIMP tokens in March and transferred about 2.6 million $SIMP to KuCoin during the same period.     DWF transferred $SIMP to the exchange soon after receiving it, which is inconsistent with Irene Zhao’s promise that the tokens would be locked for one year. ZachXBT believes that she sold $SIMP to DWF Labs without the knowledge of investors, which is completely different from the aforementioned meow expected to solve the black box control, instant selling, and paranoid issuance ecology. According to Coingecko data, the price of $SIMP is only $0.0009283, and the market value is only $453,900. Basically, this project is dead. Jupiter cooperates with Irene Zhao to promote meme coins! The detective exposed the dark history of fraud, and the person himself responded?	Jupiter, Memecoins, DWF, SIMP, KuCoin
IreneDAO. Irene Zhao rose to fame in the crypto world in early 2022 for launching an NFT series called IreneDAO with her photos as NFTs, accumulating more than $5 million in revenue. The project aims to disrupt the creator economy.	IreneDAO
The series initially soared to 1.49 ETH, but according to NFTGo data, the current floor price is 0.19 ETH, down 87% from its all-time high. 「IreneDAO」NFT data source: NFTGo Other controversial projects include Konomi ($KONO), which was originally listed on OKX, but in January, OKX announced that it would delist $KONO. Konomi has neither achieved decentralized governance nor the cross-chain bridge solution that the project was expected to implement. 	IreneDAO, $KONO
Reactions from the community and several parties involved. The collaboration between Jupiter and Irene Zhao has sparked widespread discussion and criticism, with many people expressing dissatisfaction with Jupiters decision. Some netizens even questioned whether meow can represent Jupiter. Netizens expressed dissatisfaction with this incident Source: X. However, some people are taking a wait-and-see attitude, believing that more time is needed to observe the final effect of the cooperation. Some netizens are taking a wait-and-see attitude, believing that more time is needed to observe the final effect of the cooperation. Source: X .	Jupiter
The two parties involved in this incident also responded to this matter. Jupiters anonymous founder meow directly left a message under ZachXBTs post: The key concepts here are allocated developer market share, known airdrop allocations, and long-term liquidity adjustments. We can only understand how past events work over time. Irene Zhao herself posted a message saying: A statement will be issued regarding the false statements. (As of the time of writing, no statement has been issued.). Irene Zhaos response to this incident Source: X This incident undoubtedly provides an opportunity for the cryptocurrency community to reflect on how to strike a balance between innovation and risk, which has become an important issue for future development. As the cooperation progresses, it will take time to verify whether Jupiter and Irene Zhao can resolve the controversy and win the trust of the community.	Jupiter, Cryptocurrency
Irene Zhao appeared in the community to respond to fierce doubts. On July 23, Jupiter co-founder Meow posted on social media that he would work with Irene Zhao to launch the meme coin metadata platform Asian mom, and Jupiter DAO would receive 5% of the Asian mom tokens. However, Irene Zhao, the partner of this experiment, was pointed out by ZachXBT as having participated in multiple project scams. Related reading: " Jupiter's collaboration with Irene Zhao sparked controversy, and the chain detective ZachXBT exposed the latter's black history " The meme coin metadata platform mentioned by Meow is Jupiter's new experiment, which aims to try a new launch mechanism to improve the meme coin metadata to solve the current meme coin release metadata. There are some major PvP problems: including false widespread distribution, sniping, opaque development allocation, lying "influencers", using development dumps for large-scale pre-sales, etc.	Jupiter, IreneDAO, Asianmom
This experiment itself is not surprising. The Jupiter community loves memes, and Meow has repeatedly expressed the hope that the meme heat will continue, and proposed the PPP concept (Player pump player, and the last participant wins), and is constantly trying new means to promote PPP. Although there are still many doubts since Meow first mentioned PPP, after all, it is almost a consensus that cryptocurrencies are like casinos, not to mention memes, which are non-value coins that come and go quickly. Perhaps Asian mom is Jupiter's solution to promote the PPP concept. The project is a good project, but Irene Zhao, as a partner, is a KOL who has participated in the Rug project many times. For a time, CT was full of accusations against Irene Zhao. ALL IN CLUB promptly held a space to start eating melons, and even attracted Irene Zhao herself to respond.	Jupiter, KOL, PPP, Rug, Asianmom
The guests participating in space first gave a brief explanation of Irene Zhao's identity. After mentioning that she had Rug the meme coin, Irene Zhao suddenly opened the microphone to defend all her previous actions, and then the guests took turns to "interrogate" Irene Zhao. BlockBeats edited part of the content of space as follows. For simplicity, the names of all questioners and guests are represented by "question":  	SIMP, Rug
What did Irene Zhao do? Question: Irene Zhao is Chinese and her ancestral home is Nanchang, Jiangxi. This was told to me by a friend of mine. Her LinkedIn profile says that she went to college at the National University of Singapore, but the specifics are not available.	Irene Zhao
I don't know much about her. I first noticed her on the Konomi project. This project was originally launched in March 2021, and then on OKX on April 6. It was a bull  market  at that time, and the whole market was very good, but it has been falling since it went online, with the highest being $5.	$KONO
Now it seems to be 0.01 or 0.02, and it has fallen by an unknown number of times. It is basically impossible to turn around forever, and it has been falling all the way even after it was listed on OKX. When I first started paying attention to Irene, she was the CMO of Konomi. Then I checked some of her interview articles.	$KONO
She had worked as an MA before, and introduced Konomi with several of her classmates from the National University of Singapore. The details are unknown. I saw on LinkedIn that she should have graduated in 2016, which means she graduated three years earlier than me. At first, she was doing mass trading, and then she became an Instagram KOL, which is to post her own beautiful photos.	KOL, $KONO
Now she has more than 500,000 followers on Instagram, but the number of likes and fans does not match well. There may be only a dozen likes on one post, so this fan is probably bought, but I don’t know the details. Let's talk about the Konomi project again. I have never been a CMO, so I don't know what the specific job of a CMO is.	$KONO
But she should have been the CMO at the end of 21, which was the last bull market of the entire  cryptocurrency. Her job is basically to publish some Konomi project updates, and then her own selfies. The views, likes, interactions, etc. of her selfies and project updates are very mismatched.	Cryptocurrency, $KONO
Users still buy her looks, her sexiness and hotness, but they don't seem to be very interested in the projects she promotes. Originally in the crypto bull market, a coin should have risen a little. But KONO has never risen since it went online, and it has been falling all the way. Maybe everyone is not very interested in the KONO project, and she may have left at the end of 21.	$KONO
During that time, she changed her Twitter profile to say that she was building a socialfi project, but later changed it again. I will talk about the three projects in my tweet. These three projects are all my real experiences, and there is no exaggeration. It is just coincidentally that these three projects have all returned to zero.	Irene Zhao
The second project is SIMP shared by ZachXBT, which means that she sent the un-unlocked tokens to DWF in advance. These tokens were supposed to be locked for one year, but DWF sold them right away. The trend of this token is the same as KONO. It has not risen and has been falling all the way to zero.	DWF, SIMP, $KONO
The third one is also my personal experience, called IDK, the full name is I don't know, it is a meme coin on the Solana chain, I should have bought it in mid-May, when it rose to 40 million, and then I should have bought it at 25 million, and then I didn't sell it when it was 40 million, and then it immediately fell back to 5 million.	Solana
Why frequently participate in the Rug project? Irene Zhao: Everything I said when I bought IDK was told to me by the Dev (developer), and I personally didn't make a penny on this coin. That was the first meme coin I promoted. It was recommended to me by a very good friend. He told me that this team was awesome. Then I joined the community, and there were some other KOLs in it, so I thought this coin was not bad. After all, this was my first time accepting a Solana coin, so I agreed. When IDK started to fall, they told me that someone was selling it and wanted to lower the price to facilitate their subsequent pull-ups.	KOL, Solana, Rug
At that time, he said that it would be pulled up the next day, and I believed him, but the next day he suddenly told me that he wanted to Rug it, and it couldn't be saved. So I didn't think they would Rug from the beginning. As a KOL like me, there is no need to Rug fans just to make such a small amount of money. Here I need to mention another monkey coin on Solana that I promoted, MONKEY.	KOL, Solana, Rug
I was also the one who was cheated and didn't make a penny. He promised me that this coin would be valued at at least 100 million, or several hundred million, and I believed it. I didn't sell a single coin from beginning to end. You can check my wallet.	Irene Zhao
At most, I didn't sell almost 60,000 US dollars. Two or three days later, the introducer told me that he was in charge of the entire marketing business and told me "My reputation is just a stupid meme coin, so please believe me, I won't Rug". I have all the chat screenshots, and I can show them to everyone later. Because this person is a friend of my friend, I believed him and promoted this coin.	Rug
It happened to be the time when Asianmom was very popular, so I suspected that he might have taken advantage of this and regarded my community as a "harvest target", because he later made some statements, and my friends on the chain read it and told me that this was a developer's Rug.  So I think my problem may be that I trust people too much. Because to be honest, my circle of friends is relatively small, and I won't get to know some strangers unless they are introduced by acquaintances. But I will trust my acquaintances very much, so I will introduce some meme projects to me through them, and then I will promote them.	Rug, Asianmom
But in fact, after experiencing MONKEY, I was very careful and basically did not take on other meme projects. So the conclusion is that I really didn’t want to Rug my community, and I didn’t sell a single coin. I didn’t make a penny on either project, otherwise I wouldn’t have come on the mic and explained it to everyone so sincerely. Later I asked that person, do I need to explain something for MONKEY? He told me not to explain, just delete the tweet, so I deleted it.	Rug
IDK is the same. I have all the screenshots, and I can send them to everyone, including the entire situation in that group. The entire developer team suddenly said that Rug was gone and couldn’t be saved. But it may involve the privacy of some other KOLs, but this is completely true. I really don’t need to damage my reputation for a few thousand yuan. I just trust people too easily.	KOL, Rug
 Question: Do you mean that we retail investors are to blame for our own actions? Irene Zhao： I didn’t mean that. I do have to admit that I made a mistake. I should have done better due diligence. So later I became very careful and basically stopped accepting such meme ads. Unless I believe that the project owner is awesome and must have the ability to pull the price.  So most of my problems are that I didn’t do a good job of due diligence, so I apologize to everyone here. I’m sorry to disappoint everyone.  But I can’t control many things in this field. I can only tell you very sincerely that I didn’t make any money from it, but I really didn’t do a good job of due diligence in this regard.	Irene Zhao
Question: Why did you delete the tweet without explaining the Rug project? Irene Zhao:  I did lack communication. I know that next time I post any project, I will have to bear the consequences of everyone being cut off. I need to explain why this happened. But I chose to ignore it because I didn’t want to create more drama. Now I realize that I do have the responsibility to explain.	Rug
I’d like to apologize to everyone here. I shouldn’t end the recommendation of a project in this way of evasion or deleting tweets. This is an irresponsible behavior. Especially since I have so many fans, my fault is that I didn’t do due diligence.	Irene Zhao
Question: The meme they promote should be different from the one you promote, right? Irene Zhao:  Okay, let’s not discuss whether others have promoted Rug’s meme. I admit that I was wrong in this promotion. I will not say that other KOLs are bad, and I will not put the blame on others. It is a fact that I was wrong.	KOL, Rug
Question: If you only earned marketing fees and market fees during the promotion process, everyone can accept it. Since you are not a participant, you can directly introduce Rug people and Rug project parties, including who made the money? Irene Zhao:  I really don’t know who made the money, just like in the current market, you don’t know who made the money. Some people make money, and some people lose money. And I really don’t know whether the developer is capable enough or he deliberately Rug, I have no way to judge.	Rug
So I can’t tell you who made the money. I can only say that this project did not go as he promised me at the beginning. I didn’t say that I would falsely promote a meme project. Then I said that if I made money through any project, or did marketing, I would tell you honestly that if I made money, I made money, and if I lost money, I lost money. There is no need for me to lie.	Irene Zhao
Question: What is your income in this process?  Irene Zhao:  Some projects may use SOL to pay marketing fees, and some projects may give you some tokens as marketing fees. For example, MONKEY gave me 0.2% of the token supply. But I didn't sell it. I didn't say that I would sell it immediately after posting this tweet and let my fans take over. But it is true that after I finished promoting it, other people on this project may have dumped the market within three or four days, so the coins I had were also reduced to zero.  	Irene Zhao
Question: Have you ever worked with a project team that you have Rug before? Irene Zhao: No. Question: Do you work directly with the team or through an institution? Irene Zhao: I have never been in an institution, I have always worked with individuals, and I have never accepted any advertisements from institutions.	Rug
Question: What is the reason for you to trust them? Because most meme coins have been Rug. Irene Zhao: I trust them because this middleman is a person I trust very much, a friend I trust very much, that is, I have worked with him before, and then I got to know the project party through him, that is, through an acquaintance.	Memecoins, Rug
Question: So you have many acquaintances who introduced different projects to you, and then all the different projects were Rug. Irene Zhao: We are talking about two right now, one is IDK, and the other is MONKEY. I only have two memes, no others, just two people. And later I was very careful. You should know that many people come to me every day to promote, and I did not post any meme advertisements when I was preparing to release Asian mom. Because I still want to focus all my attention on our own meme. So you can see from my Twitter that I have not posted any advertisements this month. And many KOLs may post four or five memes a day. To be honest, I have not posted any promotions this month.	KOL, Rug, Asianmom
Question: Regarding the SIMP accused by ZachXBT, the transfer data on this chain is real, and some have a one-year lock-up period. Why did you sell it to DWF immediately? Irene Zhao: That token was not taken out of our locked coins. Question: So there is a wallet that transferred tens of millions of coins to DWF for no reason? Irene Zhao: Those are coins circulating in the market, and they are already unlocked coins. They are not our team's tokens, but the coins of a certain system link in the token. Moreover, I will talk about the DWF matter in the clarification, because this thing involves some of our and DWF's more private things, so I will issue a clarification. Because this is a relatively serious and huge accusation for me, it is better for me to explain it in a text response rather than not through space.  This also involves some token economics, some data and facts, as well as some of our previous conversations and very specific plans, so I will put it in the clarification.	DWF, SIMP
Where did the money earned by IreneDAO go? Irene Zhao: IreneDAO is a completely free mint. I personally don’t have any IreneDAO NFTs. You can check my wallet. Many of them were given away for free to some friends. At that time, we had some royalties, about 5%. Later, we donated $100,000 to a Southeast Asian NTK trafficking (anti-trafficking organization). There is evidence for all this, and I can provide relevant proof.	IreneDAO
Question: When did that happen? Irene Zhao: Around February 2022, but that thing was on my Instagram. Now this account has been cancelled, so I can’t see it. But I have proof. Everything is automatically recorded. I have a record of everything I say now.	Irene Zhao
Question: Where did the NIT royalty money go?  Irene Zhao:  In addition to the $100,000 in royalty money, a lot of funds are managed by multi-signature addresses, and I personally do not have the right to operate these funds alone. We have DAO members who receive salaries every month. Of course, this is also my problem, because they pay themselves a lot of salaries and then carry out related operations.  	IreneDAO
Question: Do you mean you paid yourself with the community's money? Irene Zhao:  The money was not given to me, I did not take it. I mean it was equivalent to DAO members paying themselves wages, because I was a KOL at the time and did not have time to manage IreneDAO, so they had their own organization, and DAO members used part of the money for some activities and some for other things every month. The money they took can be tracked to every expenditure, and no penny went into my wallet.	KOL, IreneDAO
Question: I can't trace who the money was specifically given to. Irene Zhao:  The point of this discussion is that if I really want to make money by issuing NFTs, I can completely issue a new NFT project after IreneDAO, each 0.1  Ethereum , and I can easily make 1,000 Ethereum by issuing 10,000. But I don’t need to make money from this royalty. At that time, I wanted to be a KOL, and through this form, I would bring in all the great creators in Web2 and build a Web2.5 platform.	Cryptocurrency, KOL, IreneDAO
But it turns out that the Web 2.5 narrative doesn’t work, and we really didn’t do it. This is not an excuse, because at that time everyone was talking about the Web2.5 narrative and various collaborations, and actually spent a lot of money to do the market, and later it turned out that this barrier was too big. I haven’t touched the remaining assets on IreneDAO, because this is not a wallet, and I don’t have the final say. You can see that many multi-signature addresses are not my signatures.	IreneDAO
Question: Can these DAO members correct what you said? Irene Zhao:  This is about 2022. I don’t know many DAO members, and I haven’t communicated with them privately.  You can check their wallets. All transactions in the multi-signature address were not signed by me, so they paid their salaries without my knowledge.	IreneDAO
This was also my negligence, because I had just entered the industry and had not found the best management model. I entered the industry around March 2021, so I was indeed inexperienced at the time and did not do a good job of building a DAO. And as a KOL at the time, I did not have time to manage how those members spent their money.	KOL, IreneDAO
Question: So you were doing volunteer work at that time? Irene Zhao: That's not true. It did bring me a good brand, and we want to make it bigger. I don't want to be the only one doing it, but I hope more creators can come in and do these things. So we focused more on Web2 creators and the top TikTok in Hollywood. We had a big territory at that time instead of just improving ourselves.	Irene Zhao
Question: In addition to posting some sexy photos, did your activities have other substantive work? Irene Zhao: At that time, there was a DC administrator who often did some design, but this may require finding the previous IreneDAO people to explain what he did. But there are records of why he paid those members to do these things at that time.	IreneDAO
Question: This is the first time I know that being a Discord administrator can make so much money. You mentioned that IreneDAO is free mint, so there is no income from this part. If you extract 5% royalties, at the peak of NFT, the total transaction volume reached 2,300 Ethereum in about two to three days. It was a bull market in the crypto industry and a bull market for NFT. Therefore, these 2,300 Ethereums brought about 115 Ethereums. According to the price at the time, it was about $400,000. You said that the $400,000 was used to pay wages, but you yourself got nothing, and they took your income. Irene Zhao: We donated $100,000, and there is still about $300,000 left. They really wasted a lot of money.	Cryptocurrency, IreneDAO
Question: Who are these people? Is it your smurf? Irene Zhao: It was someone I didn’t know, and I didn’t contact them directly. You can go to the chain to find those wallet addresses to see who is managing the entire DC community. It couldn’t be my smurf account, I really didn’t have time to manage it at the time. Question: Who are these people? Who are the people in your so-called multi-signature address? Do you really dare to give money to someone you don’t know? Irene Zhao:  I only know that there was a person who was in charge of my IreneDAO at the time, and he was paid by our company at the time. His name was "Napoleon" and he was in the United States. He was one of my employees, and I agreed that he would help me manage this DAO.	IreneDAO
Question: So your employees took all your salary, and you as the boss didn’t make a penny? Irene Zhao:  If you don’t believe me, then what’s the point of this space? At that time, for us, we didn’t want to make money through NFT.	Irene Zhao
How to become the CMO of Konomi? Question: I said in the thread that you were an unknown person, but later I found out that you were probably an Instagram influencer at first, so it is more likely that you jumped directly from one industry to the cryptocurrency industry and became the CMO of a crypto project, Konomi. Irene Zhao:  I was indeed an Instagram influencer in Web2 before. I joined Konomi because it was a project of my friend, so I was helping my friend. He is someone I trust very much. We have been good friends since college, and because of them, I joined the cryptocurrency. And at that time, there was actually no such thing as a CMO. CMO was equivalent to a chief marketing officer.	Cryptocurrency, $KONO
I am not bragging, but it is true that the concept of CMO became popular after I did it. Why did I become popular? The reason is that many Crypto KOLs were my fans in Web2 before. At that time, the mechanism of Twitter was that if they commented on you, everyone could see it.	KOL
So although I was a newcomer in Web3 at the beginning, many big Vs already knew me, and they would often interact with me. So my fans grew very quickly at that time, and there were relatively few girls. I was like a bonus of an era, so I became popular quickly. There was no behind-the-scenes promoter, nor was there anything shady.	Irene Zhao
I can tell you who they are. One of them is called Alex, a well-known influencer with more than 100,000 followers. He was already well-known in Crypto. You can see that I interacted with them in some of my earliest tweets, which is all natural growth.	Irene Zhao
Of course, I admit that credibility is partly responsible, but you need to understand that Crypto has a culture. You need to see how they post memes and pay more attention to some of the languages they often use. And I also have some fans in Singapore. I will meet them offline in Singapore, so the number of fans will increase faster.	Irene Zhao
Question: You have experienced Rug projects more than once or twice. You are a serious KOL. You want to grow with these project parties. Why didn’t you come out to clarify it as soon as possible? You have the title of CMO in Konomi, why didn’t you come out to clarify it as soon as possible? As the CEO of a project, you will definitely come out to find out who Rug the money and where my money went. But your answer is 7 points true and 3 points false. You pointed out an American named Napoleon under everyone's urging, which seems to be made up. The key to this matter is how ruthlessly you cut the leeks, and what role you played in it? Did you treat retail investors as dogs, and did the money go into your pocket? From what I heard tonight, it is likely that you can make huge profits from this money, but you didn't get it all, so you are also wronged. Irene Zhao : I didn't even know you were going to speak on the microphone tonight. I didn't think about all the words in advance, and I didn't read anyone's Twitter to see what accusations you had against me? I just happened to see space and went on the microphone. I told the truth from beginning to end.	Jupiter, Cryptocurrency, KOL, $KONO, Rug
I think each KOL has his own style. My style is like what I just said. I will give a cold treatment instead of explaining that I also lost money. Of course, this is also my problem. Because to be honest, even if I explain that I lost money, I can still act it out, right? Many KOLs post that they lost money, but they didn’t actually lose money. They made money and acted like they lost money.	KOL
For me, I personally prefer to treat it coldly, but after listening to everyone’s opinions today, I admit that this cold treatment method is very immature, I didn’t consider it, and I was not responsible enough. If I promote other projects in the future, and this project does not follow the direction I promised everyone, then I will explain why this thing is Rug with a very sincere attitude.	Rug
Why did Jupiter choose you to cooperate? Question: What do you think of the Jupiter team? I think the Jupiter team is smarter than you. They are now doing a meme launchpad just to prove one thing, even if a controversial person comes to issue a coin, I can make it very fair and transparent. Irene Zhao: When Asian mom first became popular, Meow came to me and asked me if this project was mine? I told him that this project was a community project, and then I asked him whether he should take this project indoor, or issue a new coin? He asked why he should take this project indoor, because you don’t know who will issue the coin for this project, and you don’t know how this project came out in the beginning, and there is no specific information. If you easily adopt a meme coin, it is easy to Rug your fans.	Jupiter, Rug, Asianmom
Question: If I were Jupiter's CEO and I chose you, then this point must be your controversial factor, and you are now clarifying it, which is actually damaging your own brand. Irene Zhao:  I think this idea is relatively narrow. Do you think Jupiter, as the first aggregator of Solana, is willing to risk their reputation to cooperate with a "malicious" just for marketing? Then I think you think too narrowly about Jupiter.	Jupiter, Solana
Question: Can you tell me some details about your cooperation with Jupiter?  Irene Zhao: We basically planned this a month ago. At first he saw the community project, but I didn't know the entire token supply distribution, nor did I know who held most of the chips, although they gave me 3%. But I have not sold a single coin so farThe highest point was worth about 3.3 million US dollars. You can see it in my on-chain records. It would be irresponsible to promote it directly. Later it was confirmed that the developer of this project was Rug.	Jupiter, Rug
Because when I mentioned the word Asian mom, there were buyers and sellers. I don’t have specific details, but someone told me that this phenomenon was caused by the developer of Rug. So based on these facts, we decided to issue a new meme coin. He sent a tweet at the time, saying that he wanted to do a social experiment and airdrop some tokens to those who left their wallet addresses on his Twitter.	Rug, Asianmom
This was something we came up with together. This was our original intention at the beginning, because he wanted to promote the concept of PPP, and he thought that my concept as an Asian mom was very good.  And in fact, it was exactly the opposite of what you said. The reason why he cooperated with me was that he thought I had been in this market for a long time and was a long-term player.	PPP, Asianmom
He didn’t want to cooperate with a short-term player, so he chose me.    So it was contrary to what you just said about using the "malicious" reverse proof mechanism being awesome. I am very sincere and sincere in telling you these words. If I were making them up, I would not have so many details. I can’t tell you these things with a complete set of logic, but this is indeed the reason why we started cooperating.	Irene Zhao
Question: Why did Jupiter choose you? Irene Zhao: Because he liked the narrative of Asian mom very much at that time, and thought it had great potential. It might be because the community had already helped me publish an Asian mom, which was quite popular at that time. And maybe I have been in the circle for a long time and have a certain fan base, so he thought it would be more suitable.	Jupiter, Asianmom
Question: Did Jupiter's CEO choose this narrative because of his personal plot preference?   Irene Zhao: He thought Asian mom was a good Meta, and he liked this concept very much. At that time, there was a European and American mother, and he thought that we could also have an Asian mother in Asia, and then he wondered if there could be a brand new narrative to make this Asian mom bigger, this was its original intention. Because for Jupiter, it is not about making money. He is a person who likes to promote new ideas very much, so he thinks that if we can host this Meta, it will have a positive impact on the market, so it is something we do together.	Jupiter, Asianmom
Will the new meme platform be Rug? Question: Can you tell me what you have gained from working with Jupiter?  Irene Zhao： First of all, I think they are a very good platform. I like this founder very much because he has his own ideas and can always bring new narratives to the entire  blockchain . He is the best founder so far. By working with him, promoting the PPP concept is a very good brand building for me.	Jupiter, Cryptocurrency, PPP, Rug, Blockchain
There are also financial incentives. My tokens have an 18-month lock-up period. I have all the chat records to prove that we basically agreed on it a month ago. Because we haven't had time to announce it yet, but all the token supply allocations are very open and transparent.	Irene Zhao
So if this coin returns to zero after 18 months, then my income from this project will be very small. But I think no matter what the income is, if it can be said that through this cooperation, more meme coins can accept the PPP concept and let them learn from it. It's a good thing, so I am willing to do such a thing. This is one of my original intentions.	Memecoins, PPP
Question: After Asian mom arrives at Jupiter, if the price of the currency does not perform well in the future, as a planner, will you cut yourself out again? How do you ensure that there is a long-term positive effect on this project? Irene Zhao:  First of all, I want to make it clear that I can't guarantee the direction of the project, because everyone really doesn't know what the market will be like in the future, but we can ensure that we lock the position, we don't have pre-sales, and there is no KOL distribution. We will give tokens to some early supporters, and everything is open and transparent. We can't control the direction, but we can ensure that there will be no Rug. Because now many projects you say whether it can take off, some can indeed take off, but some projects don't take off, or take off and suddenly die because others Rug, for example, all the developers have run away, or he snapped 70% of the supply. So what we can do is to ensure that this will not happen to this new meme.	Jupiter, KOL, Rug, Asianmom
Question: Now Meow is looking for you to cooperate with them to use you for stress testing, to prove that there is no way to Rug even if a malicious node participates. Don’t you realize this? Irene Zhao:  If this is really the case, then I can only say that I met the wrong person. If you really think so, then I don’t have anything to say, so we will see the result in the future, okay? Because I tell you this, I can’t convince you, and you can’t convince me, so we all think that we hold the truth, there is no need to laugh at anyone, and there is no need to say that you are stupid or something like that in retrospect, it is meaningless. If I were a victim, I would not get angry immediately, because we have all experienced a lot of things. We would not jump up and down just because someone is Rug, and we would not be crazy to put him on the Internet to scold him, because we are all very mature people.	SIMP, Rug
Question: Since the public opinion is in this (bad) direction now. Have you considered turning to other directions directly, or choosing a different path?  Irene Zhao:  I believe in karma. Today I participated in this space and admitted those mistakes. Why is there such public opinion? I think it is also a backlash, because it may be that I did not do a good job of post-processing when dealing with the problem before, so there is such an ending now. So I personally will not do such a thing again. And to be honest, I want to work in this industry for a long time.	Irene Zhao
I don’t say that I want to make a lot of money and then run away, because it is meaningless. What can I do? I have talked to many friends, saying that you have made a lot of money, what do you want to do? You have nothing else to do, because in other industries you can't develop so fast, you can't have so many opportunities, and you can't have new narratives every day. Or maybe my influence in other industries may not be as great as in blockchain. Then I think I will want to do such a thing in this industry for a long time, so I can voluntarily lock my position for 18 months, that is, this meme coin, and then I don't want to go to Rug for a big sum, and then I will run away, because I have nothing else to do. This is the truth, so I like this industry very much, I think it can bring that kind of freshness and excitement, and I also want to see what this project can do.	Cryptocurrency, SIMP, Rug, Blockchain
Question: Asian mom, do you want to make money or fame? If you want to save your reputation, what can you do? Irene Zhao： We will have a very transparent mechanism, all the specific things are open and transparent, to ensure that there will be no early unlocking of tokens, or situations such as creating different communities by ourselves. We will ensure, or Jupiter will ensure, that this will not happen.   So what you just said, do I want fame or money? I think at this stage, reputation is a very important thing for me. And I have said that my tokens have an 18-month lock-up period. So whether I can make money depends on how the project develops in the end, whether we and the community can do this thing well, that is the factor that determines whether I can make money. I really don't know if I can make money, but I can ensure that I won't Rug, so my reputation will not be damaged because of this thing, but I can't guarantee its direction.	Jupiter, Rug, Asianmom
