Information
Title: Someone created 1100 NFTs of herself wearing skimpy clothes, called it a DAO and raised over $3m from desperate bidders. Novograts is promoting this. 🤡
Body: What a time to be living in, you can click pics of yourself, call it a "DAO" and raise millions of dollars in hours.Thats what Irene did.[IreneDAO selling \\"Tribe passes\\". Spend your valuable coins to join her tribe i.e private group](https://preview.redd.it/uqv9vtep04c81.jpg?width=1030&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=296b0e721c3ac0e23bf6560f1ac292ac28e99eed)[No thanks? The market says otherwise. ](https://preview.redd.it/4yzyqmpt04c81.jpg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=83d65d39b3447f24aa5490375161764b8958ce30)Well.. anything is possible if you get big accounts to back you.[She even got Novogratz to shill this \\"DAO\\"](https://preview.redd.it/7p8yhjf214c81.jpg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=9bbeee30cebb6c8a6ed1ae88172e68973db11376)[henlo? Novofaps](https://preview.redd.it/t7qjyac424c81.jpg?width=512&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=86e4c293df85a1d9cb2f59d01c31a5a00381e151)Edit: This chick be straight up hustling yo, she got plebs to send her their valuable NFTs (which are now trading at $15,000 each! ), in exchange of a 5 minute phone call. [$15,000 for a 5 minute phone call?  Shut up and take my money!](https://preview.redd.it/awjomdzmh4c81.jpg?width=1242&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8057dfc1b82aa2c28f303b8def7b5bd14a9291a2)And then she used those 2 NFTs to get the attention of Su Zhu and Justin Sun [Lmao](https://preview.redd.it/wnt2rqtwh4c81.jpg?width=1169&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2d03022b8a7d8e48b98bb7935cd7546b92fcbf23)Looks like Bored Apes are gonna become history soon 
Clarifying, because there is a bunch of misinformation in this thread. “956 ETH” is the volume on the secondary platform, where users sell to other users. This person made money from selling the initial 1100, but they were priced at $0 I believe, which means they made $0 from a primary sale.There is a royalty for the owner of the collection, so this person has made 956 ETH * .05 (5% royalties just an example, I do not know exact royalty), which is ~50 ETH.It’s still wild and weird, but click bait headlines are stupid
I mean If someone can sell her fart in a jar as nft  everything is possible. What a world we are living in .
Onlyfans without having to give a cut of the proceeds
desperate biddersMaybe they expect hot and revealing governance proposals.
I see literally zero difference between this and the other silly shit people are selling as NFTs
And OP sharing it is giving her publicity. All of this has got to be planned
Yeah BLEEP sells.
Sooner or later everything turns BLEEPographic, even crypto
If any of you have any illusions that BLEEP won't be one of the top things driving crypto, you're going to miss out on some opportunities.
BLEEP it, BLEEP pic NFTs coming at y'all tonight. 0.1 ETH per inch.
LolThis was always coming. Bet she also makes a killing from only fans
I wonder why it's not mentioned here yet, but this lady is the sister of Binance's founder Changpeng Zhao, she has insane connections.
We live in a simp society
That issue, when, although you think this is ridiculous, you know it is still slightly better than farts in a jar NFTs.What a time.
honestly, I applaude the business acumen. clearly, there is demand for this.
A friendly reminder: jerking off is free.
Times have changed ; Dam in my day  .you could  get a nice lap dance  before you hear about how she is using the money to pay for college.
2022 gonna be the year of this now. Just wait for it. Kim K gonna do it, and loads of Insta people. I don't even know who this chick is, and yet her NFT market has exploded. I don't even really like the style of them either. They seem pretty tacky. And with selfies, she can make a million more. So these might be worth a lot now, but if she makes 10,000 more different ones they'll probably end up a few dollars each. But her business model to cash in on NFT hype is a winner. Just imagine when some big names get involved though.
If I was to create over 1000 NFTs of myself wearing skimpy clothes I'd be:A: Banned from The Internet andB: I'd owe 3 Million in lawsuits of people claiming PTSD from viewing said NFTs.
More power to her for seeing an opportunity and going after it.Even more power to the dude that's using a GAN to generate all those different pics of a girl that doesn't exist and paying a VA $5/hr to dirty talk to holders for 15 minutes.
For 2.49 eth, you could just hire a sugar baby to be your girlfriend for the year instead of being 1 of 1100 people to "own" a picture of her in lingerie that will be valueless by 2025.
Who pays for pictures that look like they are from an Asian soap opera magazine!? I don’t get this shit. I seriously don’t. Is there a resale market for this crap?
Simps know no limits for simping apperently...
BLEEPing simps....That's just sad.. But she hustling for sure
I ain’t mad at her. If I was thin and pretty, I’d do the same. Lol
No fart ?That's disappointing !
Great news.. how do i invest? from Onlyfans? I am serious .
I mean, respecting the hustle
And we all thought the NFT rocks were bad.
When I see something like this, I am always thinking what I did wrong in my life:D
Bullish on $SIMP
Wtf so it’s SimpSea now?!
stupid simps
who wants to bet she was catering to redditors ?
Never simp my brothers, strive to be better everyday instead
Did she make that with paint shop on a windows 95 machine ?
Please kill me
Better than 99% of other nft projectsAnd good on her for being creative and setting it all up. Rather see this than the 400,000th ‘weird monkey pixel photo nft’
How stupid must be to buy this
2.49 ETH and no tits. That's a expensive way to get BLEEPed with out taking your clothes off
Here the proof that crypto is already in the mainstream
Uh, classic simps!
Damn the future of NFTs really will be BLEEP huh
When the future where machines will replace humans is near, any sort of self employment is welcome
You really deserve a bear market
Wait till you know what nft goes viral in Indonesia hahahaha
Lmao you can still see the outlines from the shitty photoshop job on her
NFT’s are becoming a cancer.
There is a breed of men in the modern world never before seen in history. This breed actively gives up their entire wealth and self respect in exchange for the fantasy delusion of having some woman acknowledge them. This breed are called “Simps”. Don’t be a simp. Be a Man. Invest in proper crypto and have the women chase after you whilst you drive your lambo!
After making NFTs all day, it's time to call it a DAO.
Simps out earning college grads 😬
I dream of a world where all these rich assholes spend all their money on bullshit NFT’s and then one day realize the majority of the rest of the world who isn’t rich doesn’t give a BLEEP about their shitty NFT’s and the perceived value becomes zero.  Enjoy your stupid photo of some Asian girl who is laughing all the way to the bank bc of your pathetic ass.
she didn't make it. one of her simps made it for her.
This is honestly suicide fuel
those are bad photoshopping though.. u can see the white borders on the mask....its like a quick 2 mins PS work
lmfao at these pathetic simps
People complain about paying for onlyfans but are willing to pay for this?! What a world
Good for her honestly.
Congrats to her
Honestly I'm jealous, we're all here to make money more power to her
She deserves it. Why would someone spend their money on this though?
You can't convince me being a woman isn't easier😀
If only penises sold like vaginas... See! That's what happens when you freely give out BLEEP pics for years on end. We saturated the market before there even was one. Good job fellas. We played ourselves.
Smart lady
Desperate morons make women with no morals rich. Once those desperate guys die off a bit we'll read less of nonsense like this
Onlyfans with extra steps n rates.
this is getting out of control what's next ?
Buy BLEEP with extra steps and more expensive, I think the people who did that do not have much brains
That’s how I know nft is just a scam
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Hustler hustles and simps simp.
She looks like one of them hot girls that dm you when you have an issue with your wallet. Lol good luck all
This is why we can’t have nice things.
Holy shit, Pornography NFTs...people would definitely buy them.
Future of BLEEP
ppl with so much money to waste confused me
nicely summed up SIMPS
simps gonna simp lol
Ya'll too thirsty man smh
''crypto has real value!!'' MFs are all up in this thread being like buh gawd what has the world come to feast your eyes gentlemen this is the future of your investment
As with anything of an onlyfans flavor to it. I'm sure as shit not gonna spend my money on it. However I can respect the hustle. If I could make money off my luscious man titties, believe me, I would.
Zz nuts... lmao.. they playing the game.. just some skimpy clothes and she is at another level than 99% middle class folks...shit be crazy in 2020s..I need t9 catch a wave to fam
I hope she has an NFT of her feet for her foot fans!
Jesus so many virgins
Sad af
So what? Good for her
The new age of thots has begun.
This world is getting worse by the day. Just saw a post today about some chick selling her poop to fans
I am sad to see NFTs be used this way. There is just so so much  potential behind this tech but now limited to just 2d images.
Millionaires aren’t millionaires by playing nice.
That's a man.
The people who bought this are the biggest losers I can think of. I hope they don’t reproduce
I read your entire post and understood nothing lol
I understand the irony of this comment based on where I am but crypto people are weird as BLEEP
This is so BLEEPing thrifty I can't even. A lot of my artist friends (and friends in general) hate NFTs for obvious reasons, but holy shit do I respect every hustler out there getting rich on NOTHING.The bottle is literally labeled Snake Oil, it promises nothing, and yet people are buying and trading like it's the end of the world. Love it.
It’s not the future we asked for, but it’s the future we deserve.
Tbh she just has her shit together. Might as well exploit the thing that’s the most exploitable .. ever.
What the...damn... never thought simps would turn crypto world upside down
That’s pretty smart. Maybe this is what Charlie Sheen meant by “winning”?
I dont mind women taking money from SIMPS
They thought squid games was bad smh, I have no interest in NFT's at this time
She's a genius. Plain and simple.
Is she famous before that or ?!
I wish i was a woman.
This is pathetic AF.You would have to be such a BLEEPing loser to buy one of these.
BLEEP it that was brilliant. She just caught a fat W
She should be giving entrepreneurship lectures at Harvard.
Maaan we gotta put more effort on NFT,its a game changer for real,one day you are a girl in bikini and next thing you know you are a millionaire in bikini
Maybe I should get my wife into crypto as well.....
I follow this chick on IG. Was laughing when I saw her promoting it.Wasn’t laughing as much when Logan Paul spent 300k on them
Member the Million Dollar Homepage?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Million\_Dollar\_Homepage
Dont knock the hustle. Shes getting up on this scam. Salute to her
I don't see a problem. Good for her
Lol an Indonesian guy sold pictures of himself as NFTs and made $100k, I respect the grindset
Simps are the downfall of men
I mean it's all fair game, but I feel like shit like this invalidates the whole crypto space and makes it much more of a gimmick than an actual serious project.
This is why no one over the age of 30 takes Cryto seriously at all.
I think the guy that said he is going to take all these NFTs and add mustaches to them and selling them as new NFTs is becoming a better and better idea every time I see news about NFTs.
What a time to be living in, you can click pics of yourself, call it a "DAO" and raise millions of dollars in hours.Well, no, not really. YOU couldn't do that.
Cool I've never jerked off to an NFT before.  Now's my chance.
Good for her.
everything seems to be easier if you have tits
And this same people then calling for regulations, investment protection and what have you. Their stupidity ruining it for everyone else.
Oldest profession in the world
IreneDAO is a global grassroots movement aimed at disrupting the creator economy. IreneDAO is for the people, by the people. Our core values are: Simplicity, Integrity, Meaning, and Purpose.Lmao, this is going to the moon
This was done as a joke, minting was free, and then some people went and took it out of proportion and the floor is now 3 eth. Whole thing is crazy.
Gives a whole new meaning to Ho-dling.
To be fair, she didn’t create IreneDAO. One of her simps did and she went along with it
Can’t even be mad about it, she saw an opportunity and took it. If a dude could do the same and get that much money I’d applaud him as well 🤷🏻‍♂️
Men are so BLEEPing stupid. This is why we're here, because men are stupid.
Hell yeah, scam some horny kids
