Comment
Title: Who is Irene Zhao, the Singapore Instagram influencer who made over US$5 million selling her photos as NFTs – and caught Logan Paul’s attention in the process?
Don't dabble in NFTs so pardon me for my ignorance, but I am very curious to know, are these people **really** getting the amount stated (for this case us$5mil) if they cash out everything, or are these just on paper / hype / oversensationalisation? I subscribe to the saying "if it's too good to be true, then it prob isn't", so I'm hard pressed to believe people can effortlessly be multi-millionaires just by uploading selfies of themselves. Those in the scene can educate an unker like me? Lol
Her most recently traded NFTs are trading <1 or even <0.5 ETH, Logan bought his for 3-5 ETH. F
The game here is to make it appear like your NFT is the shit by getting famous influencers to “buy” them, so that gullible normies will join in. You pay the influencers back what they paid to buy your worthless nonsense plus a cut of the money you earn from the normies. Rinse and repeat.
Hmm from what I understand, it's similar to shares traded on an exchange. When the price goes up or down, the company isn't making or losing money. It's the people who are trading that do.
The NFT creators probably make money from holding some (or a lot) of those NFTs and cashing out at the right time. Vaguely recall Irene said she earns money off transactions.
There is perceived value right now so if you cash out now (i.e. sell off all the nfts into crypto > crypto into cash), you do get that money. But it’s really pure speculation right now, and we won’t know when this house of dominoes will crumble. When it does, people will be holding on to worthless digital numbers.
It’s not only simply a scam; I’m pretty sure every organized crime syndicate in the world are working overtime to launder all their ill gotten gains.
correct me if I'm wrong because NFT sounds like bs so far - so my understanding it's something like
1. I create this NFT for $10
2. I ask you to buy it from me for $100
3. now everyone thinks the NFT is worth $100
4. then some idiot might buy it at $200
5. repeat step 2 - 4 to push the price higher
Pyramid scheme, basically.
Nobody would admit to wash trading or losing money on those. The timing is actually hard to get right because of low actual liquidity in the NFT space -- trying to sell too much at once would crash the price, but hold it for too long and there won't be buyers because the hype is gone and with the next new NFT series. These are like penny stocks in that regard.
so it's like if Irene decided to cash out immediately she gonna get the monie$$$$ no wonder everyone is attempting the half-fk effort NFT because you can just pick & go... since it's not regulated - I already seen some NFT is basically a rip off from other NFT but just mirror image..
It's so easy to declare illegal money now "where did you get 10m?" I made it off NFTs
You don't even need to get someone else to buy it from you.
You can just create multiple wallets use tornado cash to reduce the tracibility of your crypto.
Buy your own created NFTs.
Your only cost is the transaction fee for each part which is nothing compared to the overall price.
Then go to social media to flaunt
There done.
Now add in evil people who do illegal things in the real world and you have a money laundering scheme
Correct, and why wash trading is illegal in the non-crypto world.The funny thing is that if 4 doesn't happen, you actually lose money from the minting and transaction fees. Recently got some chain analysis stats that most of the NFT wash traders actually lost money lol.
Those you still get some poor quality food containers or shitty beauty products. This one you just get a string of random bits.
> NFT wash traders actually lost money
oh ya the Ethereum gas fees are pretty high
Title: Simping for Irene Zhao: Singapore-based influencer rakes in $7.5m with her NFTs
born a chio bu in this era = good life ez money
By “7.5m” do they really mean “the price momentarily spiked and reached a number that when multiplied by the total number of NFTs approached 7.5m”
If that’s the case, paid advertisement just say lah.
Why need onlyfans when can manipulate stupidfans
There is so much wash trading in the NFT space you have to doubt if she's the one buying from herself.
hearsay she's zhao chang peng's sister afaik the 1,100 NFTs were released for free and subsequently traded until some reached 3 ETH, can someone enlighten me where the 7.5m figure come from
The NFT looks lame tho https://s3.cointelegraph.com/uploads/2022-01/4fe7392e-c8cd-466a-93ee-a6eee9f918f7.jpg
this is such a sad time to be alive. “Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, and weak men create hard times.”
*IRAS wants to know your location*
Happy for her, if you can make money of this nonsense then just do it. Pity the buyers
SIMPS
Her secret is to always be kind, be yourself, live in the moment.
This makes me lol about my life 😂
It’s the same issue with everyday ghozali. It’s as if the journalists all dunno how NFT trading works and just trying to look for the largest number they can find.
Daddy bought my NFT for 1 Million! News reports I sold it for 1 Million (legit). I return daddy his 1 Million. Welcome to NFT.
Does she have 7.5m in ETH and can she cash out?
Please elaborate. Would like to be educated.
was it 14mln 2 weeks ago
Same strategy with all the shit coins in the last 2 years. Bunch of influencers talk about it. Get followers to buy. Peak and sell. At least with NFTs, so long as she's 'active', it retains some sort of momentum and value. Amongst her simps anyway.
Lol shes not CZ's sister just because she has the same surname. The 7.5m is USD value of volume traded. Unknown how much royalties she gets from every sale but she released them all for free. Fun fact Logan Paul spent about 300k usd buying 20 of her NFTs last week, it's now worth 45k for a 85% loss (partly because of ETH tanking also)
https://www.nft-stats.com/collection/irenedao
Crypto version of 🥂🙏🏻❤️
So, she pocketed only from the initial sale yeah?
Even then, without more information, I’m going to chock this up as classic painting the tape.
oh shit i thought the hype after logan's purchase would drive the price up even higher, that was brutal the sister thing is just keypo from reddit, take it with a bucket of salt HAHA
Yup. But in theory she should be able to sell new NFTs at the current market price.
Can she fake the first few initial sales to bait someone into buying at a high price?
Yes that is absolutely possible. This applies to shitcoins as well.