content,topic
"Ethereum-based So-Col wants to go multichain and support more Layer 1 and Layer 2 blockchains.","['multichain', 'blockchains', 'layer', 'ethereum', 'col']"
"A web3 social platform called So-Col (Social Collectibles), established by crypto influencer Irene Zhao, revealed $4.5 million in fresh funding across two rounds.","['social', 'funding', 'crypto', 'collectibles', 'col']"
"The latest round which raised $1.5 million, was single-handedly sponsored by DWF, the web3 investment company claimed on Tuesday. So-Col also raised $3 million last May in a round led by Blockchain Capital, Zhao revealed to The Block in an interview. The May round was conducted at a $100 million valuation. Zhao’s So-Col aims to supercharge influencers’ output with NFTs.","['dwf', 'col', 'million', 'investment', 'supercharge']"
"The DWF round upholds So-Col’s entire funding to date to $6.25 million, following the startup’s seed funding of $1.75 million in February 2022. All three funding rounds were token rounds, where investors bought So-Col’s simp tokens.","['funding', 'dwf', 'col', 'investors', 'million']"
"DWF Labs has been massively supporting token rounds. It has till now, invested in more than 15 startups in the last few months, which include companies like Conflux, Network, Orbs, and Synthetix. Tokens of most of these startups increased in price following DWF, which is a big name in the market, revealing its investments. DWF initially invested in So-Col in February of this year. Its investment has a one-year vesting period, which officially concludes in February 2024.","['dwf', 'invested', 'investments', 'investment', 'tokens']"
"Zhao, an Instagram model, and entrepreneur explained how NFTs can be used to monetize a social media following when she launched a collection named IreneDAO. About twenty-six hundred ether (worth $6.5 million) of these digital stickers, showcasing Zhao in different poses followed by crypto catchphrases, have shifted to OpenSea. Zhao called the IreneDAO project a proof of concept for the So-Col platform.","['irenedao', 'nfts', 'crypto', 'worth', 'monetize']"
"Following the recent investment from DWF, Ethereum-based So-Col wants to go multichain and support more Layer 1 and Layer 2 blockchains.  As a web3 social platform, So-Col allows creators and brands to utilize NFTs, called collectibles on its platform, as a basis for memberships and exclusive content.","['multichain', 'nfts', 'blockchains', 'col', 'dwf']"
"So-Col presently has a community of 300 creators leveraging the platform, according to Zhao, who said the scheme is to onboard more creators by incentivizing them with simp tokens and cash payments.","['creators', 'col', 'platform', 'community', 'tokens']"
"Established by Zhao and co-founder Benjamin Tang, So-Col locked its $1.75 Million seed round with Animoca Brands and DeFiance Capital being the lead sponsors. The firm is functioning with Stripe to provide convenient payment methods for fans, and with StarkEx, the Ethereum scaling platform to lower creator fees.","['animoca', 'founder', 'starkex', 'stripe', 'sponsors']"
"So-Col’s simp token was listed on KuCoin in January, and the platform plans to list the token on several other exchanges including Binance, OKX, ByBit, and Bitget.","['simp', 'token', 'kucoin', 'col', 'listed']"
Irene Zhao’s SO-COL is making it easy for anyone who wants to be involved with the platform to have an easy landing as it is taking payments in both fiat currency and cryptocurrencies.,"['col', 'cryptocurrencies', 'landing', 'fiat']"
"Irene Zhao’s SO-COL, a startup that seeks to bridge the gap between Web2.0 and Web3.0 influences, is raising funds that may see its valuation pegged at $100 million. The funding report was first published by The Block following an exclusive interview with Irene, one of the biggest social media influencers in the cryptocurrency ecosystem.","['funding', 'funds', 'web2', 'valuation']"
"As noted, the new funding round will be led by Blockchain Capital and its primary aim will be to ‘supercharge’ influencers’ output with Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs). The startup came about on the premise that influencers in Web2.0 do not have any avenue to connect with their fans, a dilemma that is resolved by the crypto world.","['funding', 'influencers', 'crypto', 'blockchain', 'tokens']"
"Through SO-COL, influencers with zero knowledge of the digital currency world will be able to buy anything through the platform.","['currency', 'digital', 'platform', 'buy', 'influencers']"
"“We are helping all the creators and influencers who are completely web2 to get into web3 by giving them a very simple user interface,” she said. “They can actually use their Apple Wallet, any wallet they have, to buy anything on our platform.”","['wallet', 'web3', 'apple', 'web2', 'platform']"
"Irene Zhao’s SO-COL is making it easy for anyone who wants to be involved with the platform to have an easy landing as it is taking payments in both fiat currency and cryptocurrencies. The startup said it will partner with Stripe for the fiat payment gateway and with StarkEx, an Ethereum scaling solution to help reduce the gas fees associated with the platform as a whole.","['starkex', 'stripe', 'ethereum', 'col', 'fiat']"
"The startup has a perfect proof-of-concept to pattern its proposed success story after. This proof of concept is modeled in the IreneDAO NFT collection that was launched by the Instagram model and influencer. The NFT collection consists of 1,100 items which currently has 474 owners.","['instagram', 'nft', 'irenedao', 'collection', 'model']"
"The NFTs are picture-like stickers depicting Zhao in various poses accompanied by crypto catchphrases. The model released the NFTs to prove that one can monetize social media following, and her bet is paying off as over 2,600 Ethereum worth of the NFTs have been traded according to OpenSea data.","['nfts', 'ethereum', 'crypto', 'stickers']"
"Drawing on the success of the IreneDAO collection, the funding round, when completed, will see SO-COL hire a number of developers to continue building the platform ahead of a June launch. Marketing will also be one of the core utilities that the funding will provide as the startup hopes to reach more users through targeted publicity over time.","['irenedao', 'funding', 'marketing', 'publicity', 'col']"
"The proposed funding round by SO-COL is accompanied by a February seed round that saw the likes of Animoca Brands and DeFiance Capital co-led that raise, alongside Three Arrows Capital, Mechanism Capital, Global Founders Capital, Double Peak Group, Antifund, Genblock Capital, and Kronos Research pool $1.75 million for the startup.","['funding', 'founders', 'col', 'seed', 'animoca']"
"Apparently, there is a high level of trust among these groups of investors for Irene Zhao’s SO-COL business model, and many are optimistic about what the project has to offer.","['investors', 'trust', 'optimistic', 'model']"
"Irene Zhao, the Simp-Queen mastermind behind the SO-COL platform and a Crypto Twitter influencer, explains that having a celebrity in your corner can turbocharge your NFT collection.","['nft', 'turbocharge', 'celebrity', 'simp']"
"Zhao’s first Simp DAO and NFT collection, IreneDAO, started with a floor price that was basically pocket change in ETH.","['simp', 'floor', 'irenedao', 'nft']"
"“I think it was about zero-point-something ETH,” Zhao recalls.","['eth', 'zero', 'point', 'think']"
"However, the game changed for Zhao when controversial YouTube star Logan Paul threw in around a quarter of a million dollars in January 2022.","['logan', 'dollars', 'million', 'paul']"
"“The next day, I woke up, the floor price went up five times when Logan Paul bought about 20 pieces or something. I was really shocked,” she explains. ","['logan', 'paul', 'floor', 'price', 'shocked']"
Zhao reveals that Paul stumbled upon the project after billionaire crypto investor Mike Novogratz posted about it on Twitter. That kickstarted a friendship with Paul:,"['paul', 'billionaire', 'crypto', 'kickstarted']"
"“Logan followed me on Twitter and Instagram after he bought my NFTs,” Zhao says, adding, however, that they’ve never managed to meet up.","['logan', 'nfts', 'instagram', 'meet']"
"“I was going to travel to Los Angeles, but at the time, he was somewhere in Puerto Rico. So, we didn’t get to meet in the end. But we do have conversations about NFTs.”","['nfts', 'travel', 'meet', 'puerto', 'conversations']"
"Rubbing virtual shoulders with big names like Paul is just a regular day in the life of a crypto influencer. Zhao boasts 194,300 Twitter followers, runs her own Web3 NFT platform company, SO-COL, and globe-trots to speak at crypto conferences.","['paul', 'crypto', 'influencer', 'followers']"
"I meet a lot of cool and successful people, and they all have very interesting personalities. Otherwise, they wouldn’t choose crypto as a career because it’s a very dynamic and very fast-paced career industry.”","['crypto', 'career', 'industry', 'personalities', 'choose']"
"Zhao had already built a following as a social media influencer in the Web2 space, and much like Bitcoiners orange-pilling their friends, she has introduced most of her followers to NFTs.","['nfts', 'followers', 'influencer', 'web2']"
"“I have been building my own personal branding as a key opinion leader across various social media platforms like Instagram and YouTube. So, right now, I have about half a million followers across all platforms.”","['instagram', 'followers', 'branding', 'social', 'leader']"
"She jumped into crypto because she wanted to have control over her own content. She was fed up with only monetizing her content by promoting products, which is how Web2 influencers make a living.","['crypto', 'monetizing', 'influencers', 'promoting', 'web2']"
"I’ve built a deep connection with a lot of big brands, but it kind of sucks, because even though I have a very huge following on all other social media platforms, I don’t really get most of the benefits. I don’t really own my content or my community.”","['brands', 'social', 'community', 'benefits', 'content']"
"Zhao set up one of the first Simp DAOs, where NFT purchasers could join her Irene DAO fan club and get closer to their Simp Queen. She later spun this idea out for the SO-COL platform.","['simp', 'daos', 'dao', 'nft']"
"Zhao jokingly mentions that she’s a big deal in Asia but can roam under the radar in the Western world: “They recognize me, especially in Asia, but in the Western world, the white people can’t really recognize Asian people. They think everybody looks the same,” she laughs.","['asia', 'asian', 'western', 'laughs']"
"Zhao isn’t a fan of the serious tone of some in the crypto world. In her perspective, those who enjoy technical or trading discussions might not necessarily be the most appealing minds in the crypto community.","['crypto', 'trading', 'discussions', 'appealing']"
“I think I like the shitposting. It’s pretty funny; it’s very entertaining to look at all the memes.”,"['shitposting', 'memes', 'entertaining', 'funny', 'like']"
Zhao holds the belief that making crypto memes requires a bigger brain than sharing trading tips:,"['trading', 'crypto', 'memes', 'brain']"
"“It is a very smart move because you have to understand the market, and you have to understand the audience to come up with the exact meme that people want. So, it’s a very rare talent to have.”","['market', 'meme', 'talent', 'audience', 'smart']"
Zhao had a public beef with fellow crypto influencer Lady of Crypto in December 2021.,"['crypto', 'influencer', 'beef', 'public']"
The feud lit up after Zhao lightly teased her on Twitter for dishing out a no-brainer tweet.,"['feud', 'tweet', 'twitter', 'teased']"
"“She was predicting the price of Bitcoin or something, but it was a super obvious trend. So, I was like, ‘You are stating the obvious,’ and then she got offended.”","['offended', 'trend', 'bitcoin', 'stating', 'obvious']"
"The situation took a sour twist when Lady of Crypto fired back with some nasty comments about Zhao’s English skills, saying, “In your vids, you can barely string two words together.”","['crypto', 'vids', 'string', 'words']"
Zhao didn’t let it get to her personally and thought it was “super funny.”,"['funny', 'didn', 'personally', 'super']"
"Ever the businesswoman, Zhao was more interested in the fact that the post accumulated around “4 million impressions.”","['impressions', 'million', 'post', 'fact']"
"Zhao’s predictions are pretty much in line with common, received wisdom. She’s eagerly anticipating Bitcoin to reach the $100,000 mark.","['predictions', 'bitcoin', 'anticipating', '000']"
"However, she’s also betting big on real-world assets taking off in the next year: “Of course, I’m still bullish on BTC, Ethereum and all the basics. People are talking about RWA a lot. I think real world assets are probably going to go big in the next 12 months.”","['rwa', 'betting', 'bullish', 'assets', 'btc']"
She also believes that NFTs still have room for growth because plenty of celebrities haven’t hopped on the bandwagon yet.,"['nfts', 'growth', 'celebrities', 'believes', 'bandwagon']"
"“I think NFTs for creators is going to be a real hype really soon because we haven’t really experienced it yet,” she explains.","['nfts', 'creators', 'hype', 'soon', 'haven']"
"I’m still bullish on social collectibles because we haven’t really onboarded all the Web2 creators to NFTs yet. So, I think there is still much room for that.”","['nfts', 'social', 'web2', 'collectibles', 'creators']"
"Irene Zhao's ""Asianmom"" Crypto Scandal - Can Failed Project Founders Ever Make a Comeback?","['scandal', 'founders', 'crypto', 'asianmom']"
"As Irene Zhao defends herself from her past, will it be enough to attract users to her new memecoin project, Asianmom?","['memecoin', 'asianmom', 'attract', 'users']"
It's never easy to start a project from scratch but it's even more challenging when you have an unfortunate history of unsuccessful projects.,"['projects', 'challenging', 'project', 'start', 'easy']"
"One crypto influencer who has suffered the wrath of the community recently is Irene Zhao, whose Jupiter-collab memecoin project, Asianmom, has been branded a scam.","['scam', 'crypto', 'influencer', 'memecoin']"
"According to Jupiter, the memecoin will follow a new framework promoting the principles of certainty, alignment, and transparency in response to the current meta of bot sniping, opaque dev allocation, and pump and dumps. Initial liquidity providers will get in cheaper, aligning long-term incentives.","['memecoin', 'liquidity', 'incentives', 'pump', 'jupiter']"
"Immediately after the announcement of the Asianmom project, several users expressed their dissatisfaction. Famed Crypto Twitter user ZachXBT, renowned for calling out scams in the crypto space, was one of the biggest names to call Zhao out.","['zachxbt', 'crypto', 'asianmom', 'twitter']"
"He alleged that Zhao did a secret deal with DWF labs, as the founder of SO-COL (SIMP), of which the terms were not disclosed and the community had zero knowledge, essentially ""rugging"" all the early investors.","['simp', 'founder', 'investors', 'secret']"
"A screenshot posted by ZachXBT revealed that one investor was not pleased with the DWF deal, claiming that it would drive SIMP to almost zero, making it hard to onboard creators. According to ZachXBT, there were tons of messages from angry investors from the chats when Zhao was posting on X.","['dwf', 'simp', 'investors', 'investor']"
"Others in the community were also quick to point out that besides SOCOL, Zhao was also a Chief Marketing Officer for Konomic Network (KONO). Both projects experience a substantial drop in prices, with SIMP down 98.9% and KONO down 99.9%.","['kono', 'konomic', 'simp', 'marketing']"
"Firstly, what is SOCOL? According to their whitepaper, SOCOL is focused on making NFTs accessible and affordable for everyone, as well as a web3 social app for creators and communities.","['socol', 'nfts', 'social', 'communities', 'web3']"
SOCOL seeks to disrupt the creator economy by being the all-in-one platform where creators can unite their communities and give their audiences a stake in the community through utility-based NFTs.,"['socol', 'creators', 'platform', 'nfts', 'creator']"
"Fans that are already spending a lot of time and money simping for creators, Zhao explained to Blockhead back in 2022. ""By holding an NFT of the creator, fans can tell people that they’re a superfan. You can say you were there for the partnerships and proposals; it’s proof you’re a superfan. It’s also much easier for celebrities to interact with the fans!”","['superfan', 'fans', 'creators', 'blockhead', 'celebrities']"
"Riding on this mission, SOCOL managed to raise total funding of $6.3 million, with May's 2022 round valuing the project at $100 million.","['socol', 'funding', 'million', '2022', 'raise']"
"As per the tokenomics, the native token for SOCOL, SIMP acts as a governance token, allowing holders to vote on governance proposals. Besides staking for rewards, holders of SIMP can also participate in marketing campaigns to earn airdrops of SIMP or other tokens.","['simp', 'tokens', 'socol', 'token', 'tokenomics']"
"Listed on Kucoin in January 2023, the total supply for SIMP was set at 1,000,000,000 with an initial circulating supply of 49,000,000 which represents 4.9% of the total supply available upon the Token Generation Event (TGE). With a listing price of $0.03, this represents a market capitalization of $1.47 million and a Fully Diluted Valuation (FDV) of $30 million.","['simp', 'supply', 'kucoin', 'circulating', 'tge']"
"Investors are subjected to vesting over 15 months after the initial 3-month cliff while the teams' token is vested over 24 months after a 12-month cliff period. Given the vesting schedule, it is hard to argue that the project was designed to rug or scam investors from the start as some might have suggested on Twitter. However, it is important to note the low circulating float and the valuation at which the project was launched.","['vested', 'investors', 'vesting', 'months', 'valuation']"
"SIMP traded to the upside immediately after listing, peaking at $0.1090 before eventually trading below the listing price after a few months. Despite having a staking feature, there were no additional buyers for SIMP. By the time the 3-month cliff had ended, prices had already dropped around 70% below the listing price.","['simp', 'prices', 'trading', 'traded', 'price']"
"On-chain data also suggested that DWF labs sold their SIMP token in March 2023 when the tokens supposedly had a one-year vesting period ending in Feb 2024, further adding to the controversy. This is also corroborated by Coindesk stating that DWF's crypto wallet received 3.3 million SIMP tokens between March 6 and March 24 of which 2.6million tokens were sent to Kucoin.","['dwf', 'simp', 'march', 'tokens', 'feb']"
"At the time of writing, the website for SOCOL (socol.xyz) is not available and SIMP's market capitalization is around $450k and has an FDV of $900k.","['socol', 'simp', 'market', '450k', '900k']"
"Zhao clarified the situation on X, stating that she should have been more transparent about the difficult situation she was facing and should have sought existing investors' opinions before agreeing to new deals.","['investors', 'clarified', 'deals', 'agreeing']"
"However, at that time, she said she truly believed that accepting funding from DWF was the only solution to save the project and it was never her intention to rug or scam anyone.","['dwf', 'funding', 'believed', 'scam', 'intention']"
"Zhao further added that after the price surge when the deal with DWF was announced, they ended up pausing the investment deal after early investors took issue with the deal. Perhaps this has something to do with DWF selling the tokens before the 1-year vesting.","['dwf', 'investment', 'investors', 'tokens']"
"As a founder, she takes full responsibility for her failure to build the right team and to find product-market fit for the web3 creator economy.","['founder', 'creator', 'responsibility', 'failure', 'web3']"
"Konomi Network is a full-suite asset management solution for cross-chain crypto assets launched on the Polkadot network of which Zhao served as Chief Marketing Officer, organizing AMAs and ecosystem partnerships. KONO has seen prices fall from $4.63 to $0.006562 at the time of writing, with some in the community associating the blame to her.","['konomi', 'kono', 'prices', 'crypto', 'network']"
"The crypto industry has always treated these scammers so leniently, is it just because she's better looking? No one ever seems to remember how many people she scammed while working with them, said one disgruntled X user.","['scammers', 'scammed', 'crypto', 'disgruntled', 'user']"
"Zhao clarified that she had no involvement in the development, operations, or management in any way, adding that she should have done a better job in explaining her role in the project.","['involvement', 'role', 'management', 'development']"
"I should have been a lot more conscious about my past projects. For example - explaining my role in Konomi better, since a lot of them bought because of my presence said Zhao in an exclusive interview with Blockhead.","['projects', 'interview', 'past', 'role']"
"A developer launched a meme coin on memecoin site pump.fun two months ago using ticket IRENE, causing users to think that the token was related to her. IRENE's price has fallen more than 50% over its brief lifespan thus far.","['memecoin', 'meme', 'token', 'coin', 'pump']"
"However, as memecoins by nature are speculative, akin to gambling, users should always abide by ""DYOR"" before committing to it. A quick search would have revealed that it was not the real Irene behind the token, users blaming her for the loss because they did not do any research do not seem to be fair towards her.","['memecoins', 'dyor', 'token', 'loss', 'gambling']"
"I didn’t address a lot of the meme coins that launched based on my brand nor clarify that I wasn’t involved in them - causing a lot of people to buy them mistakenly, Zhao told Blockhead.","['meme', 'coins', 'buy', 'brand']"
"What I want to do is to create a new meme coin meta, to invest my time, effort and energy into cultivating real relationships and community and that's why I decided to work with Jupiter because we have aligned vision, she added.","['jupiter', 'meme', 'coin', 'meta', 'invest']"
"In an industry that is already known for scammers, transparency is of utmost importance, especially for founders. Given the nature of blockchain, most transactions can be eventually traced anyway and hence it is even more crucial for founders to be transparent regarding their past.","['transparency', 'blockchain', 'founders', 'transparent', 'traced']"
"Influencers should also be more explicit about their role in any project they associate with, especially if they have no actual involvement in the operation or management of the project as is the case with Zhao for the KONO Network. Given their huge reach and following, some followers may simply buy the tokens due to the influencer's association.","['influencers', 'influencer', 'followers', 'involvement', 'tokens']"
"According to Zhao, some investors in SOCOL initiated the idea of launching a memecoin in March this year. Under the new framework by Jupiter, will it be enough to escape the fate of the countless celebrity meme coins that have lost most of their value?","['memecoin', 'meme', 'investors', 'coins', 'march']"
Zhao revealed to Blockhead that she is committed to the Asiamum project and wants to do it the right way.,"['blockhead', 'asiamum', 'committed', 'project']"
"The fact that I have been the target of many rug coins and also my own experiences have taught me the importance of transparency and community trust, she said.","['trust', 'transparency', 'coins', 'importance', 'rug']"
"That’s why I’m committed to do this project the right way. I’m also very good at creating constant engagement and rallying a community from previous experiences, I think that’s what a meme project needs the most.","['meme', 'rallying', 'community', 'project', 'engagement']"
"Ultimately, just because the project did not perform well does not constitute a scam. Despite the performance of SIMP, it is not fair to compare a utility or governance token against a meme-coin. Memecoins are of a different category - they are meant to have no utility and are purely attention-seeking instruments. Zhao has demonstrated her ability to garner attention and engagement given her past.","['memecoins', 'scam', 'meme', 'simp']"
This are currently no planned dates for the meme coin but it remains to be seen how the Asianmom memecoin will be received given how divisive the community response is.,"['memecoin', 'asianmom', 'dates', 'meme', 'planned']"
"In Defence of Irene Zhao, She’s Smashing Crypto Winter","['crypto', 'winter', 'smashing']"
"Irene Zhao’s name and reputation are often tarnished with terms such as “simp” and “cash grab.” Unflattering at best and ruinous at worst, such terms have earned her the spotlight for all the wrong reasons, but beneath her glamorous Instagram posts and meme-inspired NFTs, is a sharp, entrepreneurial and ambitious woman.","['simp', 'glamorous', 'nfts']"
"At a time when some of the biggest names in crypto have fallen from grace amid crypto winter, Irene Zhao has retained a relatively quiet profile compared to earlier this year. But, make no mistake, the Singaporean-based influencer is craftily navigating through the market turmoil with vigour and ingenuity.","['crypto', 'influencer', 'grace']"
"Zhao’s decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), Irene DAO, might already be yesterday’s news, but five months on, the web3 project has proven its worth. Explaining to Blockhead, Zhao said, “We created 117 Irene DAO NFTs, and then gave them all away for free. We didn’t make any money from it; any money we made from the royalties went to the Irene DAO treasury and charity.”","['dao', 'nfts', 'royalties', 'organization']"
"Despite what was previously perceived as a “cash grab”, the DAO NFTs may have seen US$7.5 million in trading volume, but the founders pocketed none of it. “It was more of an experiment and proof of concept for SoCol,” Zhao tells us.","['nfts', 'cash', 'trading', 'dao', 'million']"
"SoCol is a web3 creators’ platform backed by the likes of Animoca, DeFiance Capital and even 3AC (don’t worry, 3AC’s seed funding was through tokens). Irene DAO is parked under SoCol and is being used to demonstrate the power of creator platforms.","['socol', 'animoca', 'dao', 'platform', 'creators']"
"Holders of Irene DAO NFTs instantly become members of Irene DAO and are able to vote on initiatives and propose partnerships. “The members actually took it upon themselves to initiate work. The amazing thing is, you just need to tell the leader what you want to do – whether it’s supporting women, children, or charities – and the members will do the work as a community,” Zhao explained.","['partnerships', 'initiatives', 'charities', 'dao']"
"SoCol and Zhao believe the model is applicable to celebrities such as Kpop stars who have “fans that are already spending a lot of time and money simping for creators. By holding an NFT of the creator, fans can tell people that they’re a superfan. You can say you were there for the partnerships and proposals; it’s proof you’re a superfan. It’s also much easier for celebrities to interact with the fans!”","['superfan', 'celebrities', 'creators', 'model', 'fans']"
"For all those looking to start their own DAO, Zhao offers a heads-up. “Getting responsible leaders is a challenge,” she said. “They’re publicly elected but they can also be not capable enough. They keep on coming up with new ideas but there’s no execution.”","['leaders', 'dao', 'responsible', 'elected']"
"To overcome it, Zhao said releasing announcements through the DAO would help to encourage the leaders to step up.","['announcements', 'dao', 'encourage', 'releasing']"
"Crypto winter has caused a countless number of projects (and even companies to fold), but Zhao’s prospects remain strong.","['crypto', 'prospects', 'projects', 'winter']"
"“Yes, Ethereum dropped a lot so it affected our treasury but it’s OK because we’re tightening costs,” she says. “It’s really fine for us.”","['treasury', 'ethereum', 'tightening', 'fine', 'dropped']"
"In terms of encouraging influencers to jump from web2 to web3, Zhao still remains confident. “The reason most people fail is because they don’t have utility. Look at Chris Brown, only around 30 of his 10,000 NFT collection sold. You can’t just have a profile picture of yourself, you need to define clearly what the NFT does so you can have more people buying it.”","['web2', 'nft', 'web3', 'influencers']"
"Zhao also believes in the strength of the creator economy to overcome crypto winter and FUD. “Web3 people buy NFTs for investments but for web2 people, it’s not much about the investment. For the creator economy, people just want to support the creators and want to contribute to their careers so they come up with new and much better work. The incentive is very different.”","['investments', 'crypto', 'nfts', 'investment']"
“I really don’t think crypto winter is affecting this area much – those supporting creators in web2 will also do so in web3.”,"['crypto', 'web2', 'web3', 'winter', 'creators']"
"FUD and crypto winter are not diminishing Zhao’s outlook on the potential of web3 either. “Compared to web2, web3 allows you to manage your community like never before. With OnlyFans and Twitch, the interaction is only one way: fans pay money to support you. But the thing is, they don’t get any monetary returns except exclusive content. If you have NFT ownership, you can potentially make money by selling it on the secondary market.”","['web3', 'web2', 'twitch', 'crypto', 'nft']"
"“As more people hold the NFTs, the value of the NFT will increase and fans will have a way to make money. This can never happen in web2.”","['nft', 'nfts', 'web2', 'money', 'fans']"
"Zhao believes that moving forward, creators are still incentivised to adopt web3 irrespective of market turmoil. “It revolutionizes how creators interact with fans and creators can make more content out of web3 because with SoCol, your social media content can become NFTs. For example, your post in 2016 has no value in web2 but if you turn it into an NFT, people who want to hold a piece of your memories can buy it.”","['web3', 'web2', 'creators', 'nft']"
"Before jumping into web3, Zhao had already amassed a strong following on Instagram. With many non-believers of web3 lurking in web2 social media, Zhao has strategically realigned her online presence to tailor to her fans.","['instagram', 'lurking', 'web3', 'web2']"
"“Most of my followers are guys,” Zhao acknowledged, “And guys are generally more interested web3 technology. There was a smooth transition from Instagram to Twitter for those who are more interested in the technical stuff.”","['instagram', 'twitter', 'followers', 'guys', 'web3']"
"“I portray a different image on Instagram compared to Twitter. On Instagram I rarely talk about crypto stuff because most of my fans follow me for lifestyle, fitness, happiness and personal stuff. They’re really not interested in crypto, so I tend not to talk about it.”","['crypto', 'instagram', 'twitter', 'lifestyle', 'follow']"
"“For those who are interested in crypto, they can follow me on Twitter. I have two personas on the two different social media platforms. People can choose which one they like more.”","['crypto', 'twitter', 'social', 'personas', 'follow']"
"Despite Zhao’s largely male following, female creators are also inspired by her work. “Female creators want to create their own DAOs. When they saw Irene DAO, they wanted to try their own NFT stuff and mobilize their fan community. Right now, their only way to make money on something like OnlyFans is through advertisements or sponsorships, and most of them don’t really want to do that.”","['creators', 'daos', 'dao', 'onlyfans']"
“After seeing Irene DAO they realised there’s a better way to make money just by doing what they’re good at and producing content. The DAO has incentivised a lot of female creators to get into the web3 space and know more about what’s going on.”,"['dao', 'web3', 'creators', 'money']"
"For better or worse, Zhao made headlines for being a cash grab. “Everyone thought we made $8 million on Irene DAO but the truth is that it’s just transaction volume. The royalties were only about $300k-400k at that time. Now Ethereum has dropped a lot too.”","['royalties', 'cash', 'million']"
"She also wants people to know that the DAO’s initiative was not money focused. “It’s not really about the money. We want to do something to change how the creator economy works. For me, there are a lot of ways to make money – I could just launch another NFT selling at 0.2 ETH, and could make a few million easily. But we chose to make a product instead; it’s the hardest thing to do. There are many easy ways to make money in the web3 world but building a product people use is the hardest.”","['money', 'dao', 'economy', 'nft', 'make']"
"To overcome these misconceptions, Zhao believes the proof must be in the pudding. “After we launch the product, people are going to see that we’re really doing something right, it’s not just NFTs. Right now, people won’t spend the time to find out what SoCol is about. All they know is Irene DAO because there’s too much (wrong) media coverage.”","['nfts', 'socol', 'media', 'proof']"
"“So I think once we have the product ready, we can onboard some creators and actually create NFTs for them, and then they have good engagement with the fans and form really great community on SoCol, it’ll change people’s minds.”","['socol', 'nfts', 'creators', 'onboard', 'community']"
"Although Zhao isn’t scared of the market downturn, she isn’t oblivious to it. “I think crypto winter is going to be here for at least a year,” she said bleakly. However, she’s quick to see the silver lining in the clouds. “The good thing is that all the bad projects are going to die because they don’t really have the correct market fit. If they spend money like crazy, they don’t have enough runway to sustain that kind of cost.”","['market', 'crypto', 'bleakly', 'winter']"
"“It’s a good thing for all the valuable and legit projects because right now, there’s much less noise. If it’s a bull market, everyone is raising money like crazy and nobody is focused on doing the project.” Taking this approach to her work, Zhao says crypto winter has given them the opportunity to throw all their efforts into their product. “So right now for SoCol, we want to launch a really good product with a really nice UIUX that’s attractive for web2 users so they can use the platform seamlessly,” she said.","['crypto', 'socol', 'web2', 'uiux', 'market']"
"“Crypto winter has also forced us to tighten our team and be much more efficient. We let go some of the not-so hard working ones,” Zhao said. “It’s a good thing that we can’t raise money as easily as in a bull market because we are left with a much more efficient team and everybody’s boded together.”","['crypto', 'market', 'winter', 'money', 'raise']"
