Content	Keywords
Interview Transcript with Bitmex Arthur Hayes on his debate with Nouriel Roubini at the Asia Blockchain Summit - GCR GCR ☰ ☓ Content Events Projects Deals Angel Network Research Pool DAO & Membership GCR DAO Structure GCR DAO Membership Tiers How to Make a Proposal How to Contribute $GCR Token $GCR Tokenomics $GCR on Coingecko $GCR on Uniswap $GCR on QuickSwap (Polygon) FAQ My Account Log In New Post All Posts Token Balance Register Search Search Interview Transcript with Bitmex Arthur Hayes on his debate with Nouriel Roubini at the Asia Blockchain Summit Global Coin Research Team July 06, 2019 Articles Complimentary No Comments Global Coin Research partnered up with Blocktempo at the Asia Blockchain Summit last week. Our founder Joyce Yang interviewed Arthur Hayes in Taipei on his debate with Nouriel Roubini, privacy, Bitmex and DEXes, Facebook coin, crypto media	debate, privacy, blockchain
Additional sources: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ep-29-bitmex-arthur-hayes-on-his-debate-nouriel-roubini/id1399033937?i=1000444242879 Transcript: Arthur Hayes Hi everyone, this is Arthur Hayes. I’m the co-founder and CEO of BitMex, and welcome to the Asia Blockchain Summit 2019	debate, blockchain
Joyce Yang Hi guys, this is Joyce Yang from Global Coin Research. I’m here with Block Tempo Live at Asia Blockchain Summit with Arthur Hayes	blockchain
We’re excited to have him here. We just came out of a great debate with Arthur and Nora Viding, and there was a lot to talk about there	debate
My takeaway was that Nouriel was seriously just shitting on a lot of…. Excuse my playing on TV, but he was really just highlighting the fact that there’s so much Shitcoins in this space, and that a lot of retail folks are getting hurt	
And that was his main premise that I heard kind of over and over again. What did you think of it? Arthur Hayes Yeah, it was a broken record	
He kept talking about the Shitcoin. He seemed very knowledgeable about all of the different coins that exist in this industry for somebody who thinks they’re all going to zero	
So something kind of tells you that he might be a bag holder very secretively. Joyce Yang Very secretively right, I think that’s a lot of good folks who are in the space who really shit on…	
I’m very too contaminated by this “Shit” word as well because of the fact that he’s been using it at least 10 times in this debate, but at the same time I think because we’re in such an early industry and such a nascent space and because the space is so decentralized, you just naturally can’t lock bad actors. Arthur Hayes Well, I don’t think it’s even that bad	debate
If you think about a regular startup company, 90-95 percent of all new businesses fail within the first 5 years. So why do you think that just because you put a white paper around the internet and you have a blockchain or some sort of cryptographic element to your startup, that you’re no different than the average	blockchain
So the fact that most of these things are worthless, this is with the trend of all new businesses and technologies. Joyce Yang I agree	
And so generally we agree that there are a lot of poor quality folks and companies in the space. But as long as we drive them out and actually join the good actors, we should be fine	
Arthur Hayes And the price and the markets, and the free market will allow the driftwood to drift away. Joyce Yang Right? What I always thought was interesting is that the volatility is something you see in nascent markets such as in China where there’s the Asian market that you are very well aware given the same background that we both share	
And you know, still even now the government has to intervene whenever the volatility gets serious and people start losing money, but at the same time that’s just the map, like the nature of retail markets, right? Arthur Hayes Well, I think most governments these days have basically made a determination that the stock markets shall never go down. And so whether it’s China, the United States and Europe, whenever the stock market or the equity markets broadly start to fall, they start to print money and they start to do all sorts of actions to inflate their markets	
Because they think it’s a social good, that because you invested in equity, it has to go up. And that has destroyed price discovery and allow companies to exist and business models to exist which should not exist	
And the good thing about crypto is because it’s a free market, bad ideas become zero very quickly. Joyce Yang That’s really interesting I mean, I think there are a lot of counterintuitive examples such as Tron, but I would stay away from that for now	
But the same time I think because it’s a free market, there are a lot of opportunities for folks who really want privacy for example, actually to gain that advantage and have access and avoid capital controls for example in China. And we’re seeing obviously a lot of volume going up because of the recent crackdown in Hong Kong and the protests driving that at work	privacy
That’s partially the reason I wouldn’t say it’s all of them, but what do you think about that? Arthur Hayes I mean, I think right now it’s all of this money printing, the global central banks paused between 2017 and 2019, balance sheets sort of flatlined and now you have the Fed, ECB, PBOC, BOJ all talking about restarting some form of quantitative easing. And obviously that’s going to lead to all sorts of risky assets going up in price; Bitcoin being one of those and cryptocurrencies	
So as investors globally look around and they see low to negative yields on very safe government bonds, they start to reach out on the risk curve. And if they can’t afford a property or maybe the domestic equity markets are too expensive on a P/E ratio, crypto starts to look attractive if it’s down 80-90 percent over a 2-year period	
So you know, money printing lifts all assets whether it’s crypto stocks and bonds or real estate, and money will flow to this section of the market if central banks continue to print it. Joyce Yang That’s a very fair point and I think a lot of folks don’t actually look at the macro environment and generally how the institutions and the kind of the government and economies that we’re in now is kind of in dire situations, and people are really looking forward to this this crisis that we have coming out	
Arthur Hayes In the end of the day as I said on stage, all we’re trying to do is give people a choice. And it’s up to them if they want to buy a Shitcoin, they want to buy Bitcoin, if they want to buy a stock or a property or whatever	
But at the end of the day we’re not saying you have to purchase any of these assets, it’s a choice. And you can see the relevant merits and demerits of any of these technologies and make your own choice if you want enter this industry	
Joyce Yang Right? So BitMex right now is a centralized exchange, is there thoughts about actually offering a decentralized offering as well? Because as we spoke on the panel or at least in the debate, there was a lot of emphasis on privacy as well as holding your own tokens. Arthur Hayes Right	debate, privacy
So I mean, that’s sort of separate from treated trading derivatives. We’re a centralized trading platform, obviously, we need to be very fast, we have leverage	trading
There are all sorts of intricacies that putting this straight on to a blockchain does not make sense at this time. Now, if you are so bent on decentralization and you’re only going to exchange your assets and maybe some sort of financial training, there are very illiquid decentralize exchanges	blockchain
I still don’t think that is desired by traders right now. If you want a hold bitcoin for its purposes as potential digital money, that’s different from your ability to trade it	
Now, a trader, I don’t think really cares about the centralization or centralization. They want a fast cheap way to exchange risk on the market And so we think that a centralized solution because that’s the best opportunity for our customers	
Joyce Yang Right, that makes sense. Are there thoughts of actually offering non-custodial trading for centralized exchanges; BitMex specifically? Arthur Hayes Because we offer margin trading; well, not margin trading, but because we take margin and we have to make sure that if you if we say you bet 100 Bitcoin and that’s your profit, we need to make sure that we can pay that out to you	trading
So as soon as we start allowing people to trade on credit or we don’t hold the Bitcoin in our control, then we could run befractional and at some point not be able to pay out our customers, and that would be very detrimental to our business. So we’re very conservative in that fact that we don’t allow clients to “Hey I mean, I’m good for it.” That doesn’t work	
Either have the Bitcoin in your account from origin or you don’t. And if you don’t, then you get liquidated	
Joyce Yang Yeah, that makes sense. And we also touched on Libra in the debate as well, and you actually have recently written a very extensive post in your newsletter describing your thoughts on Libra and its movements of the world as well as on local governments	debate
Can you share kind of a quick summary of what it was about there? Arthur Hayes Sure. So I think Libra essentially is a basket of fiat currencies that is represented in digital form by a token that rides on a permissioned Blockchain, which has some sort of nose	blockchain
Now, because Facebook has 2 billion active users, they actually control the customer. Whereas previously, commercial banks controlled the customer; they had all the information about you because they were originating loans, your mortgage, all these sort of things	
But now social media companies because of the wealth of data we share about ourselves to these companies, they know more about us than a financial institution. And we spend more of our time staring at their app than at a physical bank branch	
So what I think is that because Facebook and some of these big tech companies have billions of active users, why shouldn’t they sell financial products? Because they can originate a loan cheaper than a bank, they have so much free cash flow that they can actually lend off of their own balance sheet without having to borrow money. So they don’t need any sort of baking license	
All a bank is relegated to is a dumb node that holds fiat currency in electronic format aa a central bank, which is what a commercial bank should be relegate it to. So in my view of Libra on notches, and Facebook rolls us out to Instagram, WhatsApp and some of their other social media properties, it has a potential that completely disintermediate commercial banks entirely and destroy their revenue generating possibilities	
Joyce Yang So PayPal should be weary for example? Arthur Hayes Well, PayPal is just…. Yeah, I mean PayPal is fucked anyways	
I’m more talking about commercial banks like you know, why should I go to a city bank to get a personal loan? Or if I’m on Instagram and I want to buy that sexy bag, Facebook can loan me the money directly at the point-of-sale and compete a credit score based on my engagement in all of their social media properties. That’s where I think we’re moving to with Libra	
And because it’s programmable fiat money, it’s possible. Joyce Yang All right	
So it’s a really great FinTech player and a really great user experience potential for even folks who want to buy and get access to payments a lot more quickly and more intuitively. But at the same time, it doesn’t sound like it’s a cryptocurrency	cryptocurrency
Arthur Hayes Absolutely. It’s something not a cryptocurrency, essentially centralized, permissioned, and possibly will be censored	cryptocurrency
Because you can believe that if a government wants to stop a potential transaction on Libra, all they have to do is call the foundation and the foundation will comply with that. Joyce Yang Right	
And so the thought why I spoke to Facebook was that they were going to slowly move away from the association. Arthur Hayes Well, in the document, it’s states at Facebook and Magnus’s it is a node or there possibly will be a node, but it doesn’t have enough voting power to actually determine the course of what the foundation does	
And sort of make sense. Joyce Yang Down the road	
Arthur Hayes Maybe. I don’t really…	
At the end of the day, if people are really worried about this corporate overly controlling their financial privacy, that’s great for crypto because that means that they actually value their financial privacy. And what we’re seeing out of the whole backlash against Libra and Facebook is that people are starting to recognize that they’ve been giving away their data for free to all these social media companies who’ve minted all these billionaires, and now they want to take back control of their data and financial privacy	privacy
It is just an offshoot of that movement. Joyce Yang Right, for sure	
Definitely I think in the western hemisphere people care of and echo these thoughts about privacy a lot more than what you see in Asia where most of the Bitcoin trading for example is from circulation, is from kind of escaping their social mobility from their local societies and governments that couldn’t really move up in the hierarchy of the society. So I always wonder if you know, are we going to see how to store the value and medium exchange narrative coming out of the western hemisphere first	privacy, trading
And then the retail folks here will start actually holding on to the Bitcoin. Arthur Hayes Still thinking, let’s say China for example	
There are a lot of large holders of Bitcoin, and a lot of the large miners believe religiously in the properties of Bitcoin and why it’s useful to society based on their own personal experiences. So I definitely think that in Asia a lot of people don’t trust the government	
Even though there might be some sort of centralized one-party state in a lot of countries in this region, the actual everyday people don’t trust them, because they’ve been through several iterations of governments over the last 100 years, and they buy gold and they buy property to store their wealth. And they trying to hide as much as they can from the authorities	
So crypto if it actually is anonymous; now bitcoin is not, it’s you know definitely sub-anonymous, and given the right tools, law enforcement can to find out who you are if they try hard enough. Using crypto, it might lead to Bitcoin actually implementing real anonymity into the protocol	
Joyce Yang Yeah, for sure. And do you look favorably towards other tokens other than Bitcoin? Arthur Hayes I mean it’s their trading vehicles	trading
I think if you want to talk about sort of hard digital money, then bitcoin is the only game in town. Now obviously other coins and tokens offer other verticals	
You have sort of the protocol and smart contracts, we’ve got sort of like file management, we have privacy, all these different verticals. And you know, some of them would be successful, some of the won’t be successful	privacy
I’m not really super technical into understanding it, I’m more of a markets person. Joyce Yang Right, got you	
My last question I think would be you know, for folks who don’t know that much about Asia.  You’ve been living in Asia for quite some time. I live in New York City, but I also fly to Asia a lot of time, there’s so much is happening going on here	
What would you advise folks to kind of look at and pay attention to here? Because obviously, all the activities we looked at in this conference…. Arthur Hayes Yeah I mean, people need to understand that a lot of people hear about Bitcoin and all these things in Western English-language media	
So if you don’t speak any of the local languages, you most likely have been reading a translated or republished article from a large media organization that’s based in the US or Western Europe. So obviously they’re going to have a bias towards companies and movements in that region, and they’re going to feature startups and other personalities in those regions	
And that sort of relies on all the activity that’s happening in Asia, because these Western Media Organizations don’t really cover what’s going on the ground. Maybe you can read about it in the local press, but this isn’t what people are going to see on an International English language speaking level	
So there’s definitely things happening in Asia; the largest exchanges are based here, the largest miners are based here. Some of the largest projects have developers based in these countries	
So if you really care about crypto, go to a meet-up in a different country. get out of your comfort zone	
Joyce Yang That’s great advice and I think folks should totally do that. Go to Hong Kong, and go visit the Nexus office in Hong Kong center, because it’s a pretty amazing one	
All right, thank you so much. Arthur Hayes Thank you	
Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Δ Latest News September 06 Near AI x HZN – Decentralized Compute August 30 Arweave’s AO Computer Has Big Potential August 22 Deep-Dive into Move-based Blockchains August 08 GCR Community Events Recap – July 2024 August 05 Near AI x HZN: Models and AI Payments August 02 Atomicals: From Chemistry to Bitcoin July 31 M^0 Protocol: Ensuring Stability with Verifiable Collateral July 27 Tokenizing the World: The Potential and Challenges of Real-World Assets July 23 GCR Market and Investment Trends Review – Q2 2024 July 22 The Landscape of Crypto Intents My GCR Token Balance Login to view your balance	
Search Search Archives 2024 (34) 2023 (66) 2022 (133) 2021 (286) 2020 (157) 2019 (164) 2018 (169) More from GCR Insights Near AI x HZN – ... We’re completing our coverage of Near Horizon’s first ever AI cohort and finishing off with a focus on decentralized compute	
Previously, we highlighted the importance ... Global Coin Research Team September 06, 2024 Insights Arweave’s AO Computer Has Big ..	
Introduction Arweave has been a trailblazer in decentralized storage, providing an immutable data storage protocol on a blockchain-like structure known as the blockweave. The recent ..	blockchain
Global Coin Research Team August 30, 2024 Insights Deep-Dive into Move-based Blockchains I. Introduction Move is a new programming language for smart contract development	
Originating from Facebook’s discontinued Diem and Novi projects, Move aims to revolutionize smart ... Global Coin Research Team August 22, 2024 GCR Crypto Research and Investing Categories GCR Exclusive Insight GCR Announcement Monthly Specials Research Pool Research Pool Instructions Join Research Pool Settings Register Log In Brand Guidelines DAYMODE NIGHTMODE Scroll Sign-up now - don't miss the fun!	
