url	Background	Attributes	Abilities
https://comicvine.gamespot.com/doctor-strange/4005-1456/	At a young age, Stephen Strange had dreams of becoming a doctor. The eldest child of three, Strange was born in 1930 while his parents Eugene and Beverly Strange were on vacation in Philadelphia. At the age of eleven he aided his younger sister Donna when she was injured, which proved to be a formative experience for him, and he was inspired to attend med school after high school. Ironically, it was his inability to later save her from drowning when he was nineteen and on leave from college that undermined his belief in life’s meaning and the value of idealism. Nevertheless, he rapidly finished med school at a young age and became a successful neurosurgeon.Strange displayed phenomenal talent in his chosen field, and quickly attained wealth and notoriety. The more successful he became, the more arrogant he grew. Eventually this led to estrangement from his family and the undoing of his relationship with a United Nations translator named Madeline Revell to whom he had proposed marriage. So distant and self-absorbed did he become that he refused to visit his father on his deathbed. His enraged younger brother Victor Strange berated him for this, and then was killed as he ran into traffic. Stephen then placed the body of his brother into cryogenic storage. At a much later stage Stephen attempted to restore his brother through magical means, but instead imbued him with the curse of vampirism.A car accident that damaged the nerves in his hands changed everything for Stephen Strange. He was no longer able to be a surgeon, yet he refused to become an assistant or consultant, instead squandering his money traveling the world and searching for a cure. One day he heard a rumor of a mystical personage known as the Ancient One in Tibet. Marshaling the last of his inner and outer resources, Strange diligently searched until the fortress of the Ancient One was revealed to him. Though initially outraged that the aged mystic refused to cure his hands, Strange’s anger was quickly replaced by amazement when the reality of magical forces was demonstrated before his eyes as he witnessed an attack on the Ancient One.Circumstances revealed to Strange that it was none other than Baron Mordo, the Ancient One’s chief disciple, who was the perpetrator of the attack, and who continued to plot the destruction of the antediluvian mystic in an attempt to gain power. To his horror, Strange learned he was unable to reveal this after Mordo easily encircled him. Realizing the Ancient One was a force for good; Stephen selflessly abandoned his quest to restore his hands and committed himself to magical tutelage with the intention of foiling Mordo’s insidious scheme. By this act Strange proved himself to the Ancient One, to whom the entire melodrama had been transparent. Thus Doctor Strange put himself on the path to become the new Sorcerer Supreme of the Earth dimension, yet gained a deadly enemy in Baron Mordo.	"Height: 6'2""; Weight: 180 lbs.; Eyes: Grey; Hair: Black, white at temples; Identity: The general public regards Strange as an ordinary occult scholar, if not a charlatan; Occupation: Sorcerer Supreme of Earth dimension, adventurer, occult consultant; former physician, neurosurgeon; Citizenship: U.S.A.; Place of Birth: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Education: Medical doctorate, extensive sorcery training through a mixture of self-education and vast arcane lore; Marital Status: Married; Known Relatives: Eugene and Beverly Strange (parents, deceased), Victor Strange (Khiron, brother, presumed deceased), Donna Strange (sister, deceased), Clea (wife), Umar and Orini (parents-in-law), Dormammu (uncle-in-law); Distinguishing Features: Strange's hands are scarred due to an accident that caused nerve damage."	"Master of the Mystic Arts, Doctor Strange is one of the most powerful sorcerers in the world. Dr. Strange uses mystical energy invoked upon by spells/incantations or by the power of divine beings to manipulate forces of the universe including projection of mystic energy as bolts, slashes, binds, shields, or a scattered array of energy appearing like electricity, manipulating matter and various energies (physical or spiritual) even transmutation of matter, controlling the elements, opening or sealing mystical portals to other realms, teleportation or dimensional travel, reality warping and control over dimension, seeing through or casting illusions, invisibility and intangibility through astral projection, vast mental powers such as telepathy and telekinesis, communication with the dead and spiritual entities, seeing the future or past, manipulating dreams, removing spirits or placing them back into bodies, summoning supernatural beings, or using the powers of supernatural items.Many of Doctor Strange’s powers are a function of his ability to manipulate the ambient mystical energy of the Marvel Universe. With this ability Dr. Strange can perform many functions. Commonly this is seen as energy attacks that range from low power to planet destroying, transmutation, telekinesis, teleportation, protective shields, etc. He uses this mystical energy to cast spells of a near infinite variety.Dr. Strange can also channel the virtually unlimited energy of nigh-omnipotent mystical and non-mystical beings--known as Principalities--to empower his spells. This can take the form of stating what he wants to occur. This ability to be a conduit to multi-versal power sources has given rise to the phrase ""Dr. Strange is as powerful as the god he invokes"". He is quite capable of utilizing power that is considered ""black magic"", though he tends to do so only under extreme exigency. Though he rarely has, he can absorb the power of even a cosmic or semi-deity entity. Doctor Strange has a pact with Eternity possibly allowing him to live as long as the Ancient One and others before him have.Doctor Strange has been noted calling upon many sorcerous phrases invoking certain entities, usually the above-mentioned Principalities. One example:“Seven rings hath Raggador, from indigo to deepest black, Yet Oshtur grant me something more: The Crimson Bands of Cyttorak!”This phrase for instance, would cause unbreakable magical bonds to appear, capable of constraining even the Hulk. In addition to Cyttorak and Oshtur, among the beings of power called upon by Strange are all-seeing Agamotto and hoary Hoggoth, who along with Oshtur form the triad known as the eternal Vishanti; the Seraphim; Cthon (who created the Darkhold tome); Gaia; Ikonn; Dormammu (rarely) and the hell-lord Satannish. Sometimes it appears the substance of mystical realms is invoked rather than the beings who rule over them, as when Strange summons the Flames of the Faltine (the birthplace dimension of Dormammu, but also particular energy beings who rule there). This may explain why Strange is able to call upon such evil entities as Cthon and Satannish to power certain spells, yet not be in their service.Certain beings are typically invoked for particular effects, such as Ikonn for illusions, the Seraphim for protective effects like shields and the like, Cyttorak for bindings, Agamotto for dispelling negativity and revealing the truth, etc. Other magical constructs commonly employed through such agencies are the Vapors of Valtoor, the Chains of Krakkan, and the Seven Suns of Cinnibus. Doctor Strange seems to be more so than anyone else under the favored patronage of the powerful Vishanti.The Sorcerer Supreme possesses a formidable arsenal of magical artifacts, two of which are particularly recognizable-- the Eye of Agamotto and the Cloak of Levitation. The Eye of Agamotto is an artifact with many uses, such as vastly extending Dr. Strange's psychic abilities, inter dimensional travel, emitting a light that pierces all deception and is anathema to evil beings, serving as a protective talisman, and other feats. It can be used as an almost irresistible offensive weapon, though Strange rarely does so. Similar to Mjolnir, the Eye can only be used by those it deems as morally worthy. The Cloak of Levitation has been a third set of hands for Dr. Strange, responding to his thoughts to entangle opponents, and allowing him to fly and levitate. It is virtually indestructible and has shielded him from attacks as well.Strange also possesses the Orb of Agamotto, a sort of hyper-powerful crystal ball that allows clairvoyant perception of anywhere in any dimension or realm. Other powerful artifacts in his possession include the Book of the Vishanti, the Darkhold tome, and the Wand of Watoomb. His abode in Greenwich Village known as the Sanctum Sanctorum, both defies normal spatial law and is of such magical potency in its protections that it may be considered an artifact itself. Doctor Strange has also come into the possession of the Soul Gem in the past.Since his adventure in space, Strange has had access to a cosmic forge on Nidavellr for him to create his own magical artifacts."
https://www.writeups.org/doctor-strange-marvel-comics-sorcerer-supreme/	Stephen Strange was a brilliant but heartless surgeon, a money-hungry SOB. However, his career was ruined by nerve damage incurred in an auto accident. He squandered his personal fortune and degenerated into a hopeless derelict, searching the world for a cure to his condition.He eventually found himself in Tibet at the home of The Ancient One, Earth’s greatest sorcerer, from whom he sought a magical cure. A threat to the Ancient One’s life from his traitorous pupil, the evil sorcerer Baron Mordo, rekindled the long-lost light in Strange’s soul. He accepted an offer to become the wizard’s new student.He eventually took his Master’s place as the primary mystic guardian of our dimension. He became the Earth dimension’s Sorcerer Supreme, despite many trials and tribulations.Dr. Strange lost most of his mystic power when he refused to fight on the behalf of the Vishanti in the “War of the Seven Spheres”, which was anticipated to last several thousand years. Strange thus renounced all of the abilities derived from invoking those entities.He was left only with those abilities related to mystic energies he could manipulate directly. The changes Dr. Strange underwent during this time are too extensive to summarize here. However, he recently decided to enlist in the War of the Seven Spheres and returned afterward restored to full power.	Real Name: Stephen Vincent Strange.; Other Aliases: Sorcerer Supreme, Master of the Mystic Arts, Stephen Sanders, Captain Universe, Vincent Stevens.; Marital Status: Married (by Dark Dimension law).; Known Relatives: Donna Strange (sister, deceased), Victor Strange (aka Khiron, brother, deceased), Eugene (father, deceased), Beverly (mother, deceased), Clea (wife, estranged), Umar (mother-in-law), Orini (father-in-law), Dormammu (uncle-in-law).; Group Affiliation: Defenders ; formerly the Order, Secret Defenders, Midnight Sons ; former disciple of the Ancient one.; Base Of Operations: Greenwich Village, NYC.; Height: 6’3” Weight: 180 lbs.; Eyes: Grey Hair: Black, white at temples.	Put simply, Dr. Strange is the Sorcerer Supreme, *the* best and most powerful mortal sorcerer in the Earth Dimension. Using a combination of mystical artifacts, sorcerous energy borrowed from benevolent mystical beings, and his own inborn power and discipline, he is able to manipulate Reality itself to suit his purposes.While capable of casting spells of vast power, he prefers to use less-stressful ritual magic for high-level spell casting when possible. This is particularly important given how quickly his foes would take advantage of any weaknesses on Strange’s part. Strange has also become adept at various mental abilities, including hypnosis and telepathy. He can communicate with any mind on Earth and can maintain contact with up to a dozen minds at once.Doctor Strange is an expert in all matters occult, a mentor to lesser mystics, and though he is no longer a practicing physician, he still has a vast knowledge of medicine. He is also a fair martial artist, trained regularly by his aide Wong.Advertisement
https://characterprofile.fandom.com/wiki/Doctor_Strange	"Stephen Vincent Strange was born as the oldest of the 3 children of Eugene and Beverly Strange in Philadelphia in 1930. From a very young age, Stephen had been destined to replace his future master, Yao the Ancient One, as Sorcerer Supreme. However, he was oblivious to this fate for much of his life, and grew up caring for little but wealth due to the harsh views of his father. After helping his sister Donna when she was sick, Stephen had grown an interest in medicine. This fueled his future as he earned his medical degree at Colombia University. His inevitable success as a surgeon fueled his arrogance and greediness, until the day he suffered a terrible car crash. The event left the nerves in his hands irreparably damaged and left them unusable, essentially ending his medical career. After desperately trying countless, often shady operations to fix his hands, Stephen heard legends of a powerful sorcerer named the Ancient One who could repair his hands, he traveled to Tibet to meet this wizard. However, the Ancient One refused to repair Stephen's hands and instead offered to teach him magic. Though initially refusing, a powerful blizzard kept him in the palace where he reluctantly agreed. For years The Ancient One taught Stephen the ways of magic, where he had a rival in the jealous Karl Mordo, a fellow student of the Ancient One who was aware of Stephen's fate as the next Sorcerer Supreme. A final test awaited Strange, a challenge given by Death herself. When he completed the task, Stephen was granted immortality and took on the mantle of Sorcerer Supreme. Ever since then, he has been protecting Earth as its most powerful spellcaster from the evils of great evils like Dormammu and Shuma-Gorath.
"	"Series: Marvel Comics; Age: N/A; Birthday: November 1930; Sex: Male; Species: Human; Height: 6'2""/1.88 m; Weight: 180 lbs/81.65 kg; Alignment: Neutral Good"	"Sorcerer: Dr. Strange possesses a vast mastery of the mystic arts; his primary magical patrons are a group of entities known as ""the Vishanti."" The Vishanti are a trinity of godly beings comprised of Agamotto, Hoggoth, and Oshtur. Although he has, on rare occasions, called upon the power of demons such as Dormammu; Strange more frequently did so before he realized Dormammu's true dark nature in the earlier issues. He has once stated that he can kill a mortal with the mere twitch of a finger. Infinite Longevity/Fearlessness: Dr. Strange's lifespan has been extended and his fear of dying subsided in a manner similar to that of his mentor the Ancient One, due to a successful contest against Death. Though he can still be killed and even physically wounded, he cannot succumb to any medical diseases, nor does he age. However, he still requires food, water, oxygen, and sleep, the same as a normal human. Strange passed a test by the Ancient One and defeated Death, or more accurately, accepted Death. As a result, from that moment forward, Doc stopped aging. ""Death may come only from without, in battle-- and not from within."" The Ancient One had once passed the same test himself and lived 600 years. From that moment forward, a glowing ankh appears on Doc's forehead when he is in a situation of great danger and his death is imminent, ""when Strange most needs a reaffirmation of life."" Energy Blasts: Capable of destroying moons and planets Mystic Bolts: Strange was able to generate powerful bolts of fiery energy that ricocheted off several floating boulders to attack Thanos . Astral Projection/""Astral Form"": Doctor Strange can release his astral form from his body, instantaneously and at will. In this form he does not need to breathe, eat, drink or sleep, is unrestricted by physical laws (for example, Strange has flown beyond Earth’s atmosphere, defying gravity with ease to speak with Iron Man), is invisible (though can be seen by any if he wished it so), intangible, and incapable of being harmed by all but the most powerful and rigorous of mystic means. As physical laws are meaningless on the astral plane, Strange is able to use it to traverse at virtually any speed desirable (Strange has reached to St. Louis, Missouri from his Sanctum Sanctorum in Greenwich Village, New York in ""a few brief seconds"" thus, as well as traveling at the ""speed of thought"" through outer space.) Banishment: Dr. Strange has banished many types of creatures and humans to other dimensions, but the extent of this is only possible as long as the 'Banish-ers' magic is greater than that of the 'Banish-ees' magic during the banishment. Conjuring of Objects Transmutation: Dr. Strange has showcased the ability to molecularly alter and convert an object into another of his choosing using spells. Telepathy: Dr. Strange can psychically communicate and read minds These abilities can be amplified by mystic energy (as against Moondragon) and/or the Eye of Agamotto (done countless times) to afford Stephen incredibly powerful psychic abilities. He has been able to telepathically overpower Scarlet Witch and trap Sentry in an illusion. Flight: Doctor Strange can fly using magical energy but has since abandoned it. (Presumably choosing to rely on the Cape of Levitation instead.) Telekinesis: Dr. Strange can mentally manipulate his environment through the use of psionics without physically interacting with it. However, it is much more common for Strange to rely on magical manipulation rather than psionic. Protective Shields: Using the being Seraphim, Dr. Strange can shield himself or his allies. Doctor Strange is so powerful that his energy shields can even protect him from the full power of a supernova (which he created), as well as planetary destruction. Hypnotism Illusion Creation: Dr. Strange has the ability to magically create illusions and cause others to experience things that aren't real, using spells to do so. Intangibility: Dr. Strange has the ability to become invisible or near-invisible and phase through solid material. Time Manipulation: Whenever he finds himself in a temporal predicament, Stephen can call upon the Vishanti to manipulate time itself. He has used this to create various effects, like reversing the time of a room to de-age a woman and to save the lives of many people in the room, as well as mending his own cloak, or even time traveling when he was lost deep in the past through one of Thanos ' many magical macguffins. Elemental Manipulation: Dr. Strange can manipulate and control the elemental forces. Teleportation: Dr. Strange can teleport himself and others to any place of his choosing through the use of magic. It is also stated he can move at the ""speed of thought"" through his astral form. Dimensional Travel: In addition to his ability to teleport across a single plane, Dr. Strange has also showcased the ability to travel between dimensional planes and access alternate dimensions. For example, he was able to willingly travel to the Dark Dimension. Universal Awareness: By performing meditation, Dr. Strange has sensed anomalies in time and space, allowing him to protect against time travelers, extra-dimensional invaders (Example: Dormammu, Nightmare), and other extra-terrestial threats. Various Other Spells: These spells seem to be quicker to perform but lesser in power than spells using divine energy. Strange has used his magics altogether to alter his clothing through something akin to minor molecular control , control and manipulate elements , matter manipulation , etc. Dr. Strange has also been shown to amass as much wealth/gold as he desires using magic, as he has done to pay debts he owed.; Infinite Longevity/Fearlessness: Dr. Strange's lifespan has been extended and his fear of dying subsided in a manner similar to that of his mentor the Ancient One, due to a successful contest against Death. Though he can still be killed and even physically wounded, he cannot succumb to any medical diseases, nor does he age. However, he still requires food, water, oxygen, and sleep, the same as a normal human. Strange passed a test by the Ancient One and defeated Death, or more accurately, accepted Death. As a result, from that moment forward, Doc stopped aging. ""Death may come only from without, in battle-- and not from within."" The Ancient One had once passed the same test himself and lived 600 years. From that moment forward, a glowing ankh appears on Doc's forehead when he is in a situation of great danger and his death is imminent, ""when Strange most needs a reaffirmation of life.""; Energy Blasts: Capable of destroying moons and planets; Mystic Bolts: Strange was able to generate powerful bolts of fiery energy that ricocheted off several floating boulders to attack Thanos .; Astral Projection/""Astral Form"": Doctor Strange can release his astral form from his body, instantaneously and at will. In this form he does not need to breathe, eat, drink or sleep, is unrestricted by physical laws (for example, Strange has flown beyond Earth’s atmosphere, defying gravity with ease to speak with Iron Man), is invisible (though can be seen by any if he wished it so), intangible, and incapable of being harmed by all but the most powerful and rigorous of mystic means. As physical laws are meaningless on the astral plane, Strange is able to use it to traverse at virtually any speed desirable (Strange has reached to St. Louis, Missouri from his Sanctum Sanctorum in Greenwich Village, New York in ""a few brief seconds"" thus, as well as traveling at the ""speed of thought"" through outer space.); Banishment: Dr. Strange has banished many types of creatures and humans to other dimensions, but the extent of this is only possible as long as the 'Banish-ers' magic is greater than that of the 'Banish-ees' magic during the banishment.; Conjuring of Objects; Transmutation: Dr. Strange has showcased the ability to molecularly alter and convert an object into another of his choosing using spells.; Telepathy: Dr. Strange can psychically communicate and read minds These abilities can be amplified by mystic energy (as against Moondragon) and/or the Eye of Agamotto (done countless times) to afford Stephen incredibly powerful psychic abilities. He has been able to telepathically overpower Scarlet Witch and trap Sentry in an illusion.; Flight: Doctor Strange can fly using magical energy but has since abandoned it. (Presumably choosing to rely on the Cape of Levitation instead.); Telekinesis: Dr. Strange can mentally manipulate his environment through the use of psionics without physically interacting with it. However, it is much more common for Strange to rely on magical manipulation rather than psionic.; Protective Shields: Using the being Seraphim, Dr. Strange can shield himself or his allies. Doctor Strange is so powerful that his energy shields can even protect him from the full power of a supernova (which he created), as well as planetary destruction.; Hypnotism; Illusion Creation: Dr. Strange has the ability to magically create illusions and cause others to experience things that aren't real, using spells to do so.; Intangibility: Dr. Strange has the ability to become invisible or near-invisible and phase through solid material.; Time Manipulation: Whenever he finds himself in a temporal predicament, Stephen can call upon the Vishanti to manipulate time itself. He has used this to create various effects, like reversing the time of a room to de-age a woman and to save the lives of many people in the room, as well as mending his own cloak, or even time traveling when he was lost deep in the past through one of Thanos ' many magical macguffins.; Elemental Manipulation: Dr. Strange can manipulate and control the elemental forces.; Teleportation: Dr. Strange can teleport himself and others to any place of his choosing through the use of magic. It is also stated he can move at the ""speed of thought"" through his astral form.; Dimensional Travel: In addition to his ability to teleport across a single plane, Dr. Strange has also showcased the ability to travel between dimensional planes and access alternate dimensions. For example, he was able to willingly travel to the Dark Dimension.; Universal Awareness: By performing meditation, Dr. Strange has sensed anomalies in time and space, allowing him to protect against time travelers, extra-dimensional invaders (Example: Dormammu, Nightmare), and other extra-terrestial threats.; Various Other Spells: These spells seem to be quicker to perform but lesser in power than spells using divine energy. Strange has used his magics altogether to alter his clothing through something akin to minor molecular control , control and manipulate elements , matter manipulation , etc.; Dr. Strange has also been shown to amass as much wealth/gold as he desires using magic, as he has done to pay debts he owed.; The Words: Doctor Strange has become an expert in the Black Priests's ability to use language to distort reality, becoming even more capable than the Black Priests themselves in a short amount of time. Each ""word"" is a symbol which means ""something."" The addition of another symbol can change the meaning of that ""something."" Doctor Strange stated this method to be akin to replacement cipher. This way, he can distort the reality in different ways, depending how many symbols are said and in which order. Some of the features achieved by the use of Words include: Paralysis: Strange can immobilize a group of people with ease through the Words. Pyrokinesis: Strange can control fire with the Words. Cryokinesis: Strange can control ice with the Words. Energy Projection: Through the Words, Strange can shoot blasts of magical energy. Organic Desintegration: By uttering a single alien word, Strange can kill someone by withering their organic matter into nothingness.; Paralysis: Strange can immobilize a group of people with ease through the Words.; Pyrokinesis: Strange can control fire with the Words.; Cryokinesis: Strange can control ice with the Words.; Energy Projection: Through the Words, Strange can shoot blasts of magical energy.; Organic Desintegration: By uttering a single alien word, Strange can kill someone by withering their organic matter into nothingness.; Divine Sources: Dr. Strange can channel the extra-dimensional energy of mystical and non-mystical beings in multiple dimensions (known as Principalities) to empower his spells. This can take the form of standard spells (""Crimson Bands of Cyttorak"") or just state what he wants to occur and channeling some being to make it happen. It is unknown at this time what debt, if any, he incurs by invoking the powers that be. There is no strict quid pro quo (as the simple acknowledgment and invoking of the entity increases the entity's own powers, inexplicably), though some entities will feel he is obliged to heed their call when they need help in their conflicts as did the Vishanti. This ability to be a conduit to multiversal power sources has given rise to the phrase ""Dr. Strange is as powerful as the god he invokes."" Doctor Strange's powers typically come from one of three divine sources: The Vishanti (a trinity formed of Hoggoth, Oshtur, and Agamotto), the Octessence (a group of eight beings, consisting of Balthakk, Cyttorak, Farallah, Ikonn, Krakkan, Raggadorr, Valtorr, and Watoomb) and other beings who owe him a debt (this includes Satannish and even Dormammu). However, certain abilities of his stem from more obscure sources, such as the Faltine, the Seraphim, Cinnibus, Sheol, Ikthalon, Denak, Cyndriarr, Munnopor, Morpheus, Dyzakk, the Olympian deities (such as Poseidon and Hades) and others. Magic: All of Doctor Strange's powers come from magic, which he can manipulate to do nearly anything he wishes. Crimson Bands of Cytorrak: Strange invokes the being Cytorrak to create powerful bands of energy that restrain the mightiest of enemies, even gods. Images of Ikonn: By using the powers of Ikonn, Strange can create extremely realistic illusions that can even fool Galactus . Shades of the Seraphim: Through the defensive might of the Seraphim, Strange surrounds himself with a shield that protects him from physical and magical damage, even reflecting attacks back the the opponent. The shields are powerful enough to defend Strange from the likes of planetary explosions and attacks from the very gods who he recieves his powers from. Flames of the Faltine: Strange produces magical flames to burn his enemies. Though usually an offensive spell, the fire can also be used as a shield, restraints, or even a dimensional portal. The flames are so powerful that even Ghost Rider , who is impervious to most kinds of flame, feels intense agony when burned by Strange. Seven Rings of Ragaddor: Ragaddor's version of the Crimson Bands, Strange invokes on Ragaddor's power to create 7 rings that either can restrain enemies or protect any area around Strange that can be as spacious as Earth. Seal of the Vishanti: Much like a crucifix to a vampire, no evil sorcerer can look upon the Seal of the Vishanti without recoiling in pain. It can also be used as a test to see whether one is a sorcerer who walks in the light, as Black Mages would face great difficulty in tracing the seal. Montesi Formula: A spell that is specifically designed in order to kill vampires. Once Dr. Strange used it to destroy all vampires on Earth. Vishanti Invoking: Strange's most trusted and frequently used source of spells are a trinity of gods known as the Vishanti, which include Oshtur, Hoggoth, and the first Sorcerer Supreme Agamotto. Mind Transfer: Strange can switch bodies with an attacker by calling upon Oshtur. Vapors of the Vishanti: Strange summons a magical vapor around his enemies that banishes them to another dimension. Mystical Sleep: By calling upon the Vishanti, Strange can create a blanket of magical energy that can engulf a city. Everything under the blanket falls into a magical sleep. Mind Domination: Strange can dominate the minds of armies of enemies at once, having complete command over their actions for a short period of time. Counterspell: Whenever he is being overwhelmed by a spell he cannot overpower through other means, Strange can dispel magical attacks with the power of the Vishanti to negate its effects. Conjurer's Sphere: Strange can conjure a sphere of magic around him that drains the magical power in an area to weaken attacks and sorcerors alike. The Incantation of Oblivion: Arguably one of Strange’s most powerful spells. It allows his enemy to behold Oblivion itself, being locked in an endless void of absolute nothingness in its entirety. Invisible Shield of Everlasting Enchantment: To protect himself from harm, Strange has an invisible shield around him at all times that softens impacts and absorbs magical energies to protect him from harm. Darkness of the Divine Conduit: Though he seldom uses it, Strange has been taught the ways of dark magic by Kaluu, who was a classmate of the Ancient One. Resurrection: Being the very foundation of necromancy, Strange can use dark magic to raise the dead. Elemental Subjugation: Strange can dominate the minds of demonic spirits with dark magic. Banishment: Strange can banish gods into other dimensions with Darkness of the Divine Conduit. Power Absorption: Without the use of hand cantations, Strange has the ability to steal the powers of godlike beings with the use of dark magic. He has used this ability to defeat Shuma-Gorath before. Catastrophe Magic: During a war, Strange was forced to use the Emancipation Invocation which stripped him of the ability to invoke the gods for spells and attacks. During this period, he studied Catastrophe magic, which draws on the power of the alignment of planets. He has used it to shield himself from different types of magic. Bolts of Balthakk: Doctor Strange fires a bolts of concussive force to knock an enemy out without killing them Fangs of Farallah: This is the spell that Doctor Strange uses for the nullification of spells Demons of Denak: Channels demonic energy Moons / Mists of Munnopor: Can be used for a variety of things including illusion creation, creating gas and dimensional banishment. Icy Tendrils / Wastes of Ikthalon: Creates ice. Chains of Krakkan: Creates chains that are used for binding Vapors / Vipers of Valtorr: Mostly creates illusions but can be used for banishment. Mists of Morpheus: Create mists that put people to sleep Nirvalon: Can nullify some powerful individuals. Seven Suns of Cinnibus: Creates extreme heat and light.; Magic: All of Doctor Strange's powers come from magic, which he can manipulate to do nearly anything he wishes. Crimson Bands of Cytorrak: Strange invokes the being Cytorrak to create powerful bands of energy that restrain the mightiest of enemies, even gods. Images of Ikonn: By using the powers of Ikonn, Strange can create extremely realistic illusions that can even fool Galactus . Shades of the Seraphim: Through the defensive might of the Seraphim, Strange surrounds himself with a shield that protects him from physical and magical damage, even reflecting attacks back the the opponent. The shields are powerful enough to defend Strange from the likes of planetary explosions and attacks from the very gods who he recieves his powers from. Flames of the Faltine: Strange produces magical flames to burn his enemies. Though usually an offensive spell, the fire can also be used as a shield, restraints, or even a dimensional portal. The flames are so powerful that even Ghost Rider , who is impervious to most kinds of flame, feels intense agony when burned by Strange. Seven Rings of Ragaddor: Ragaddor's version of the Crimson Bands, Strange invokes on Ragaddor's power to create 7 rings that either can restrain enemies or protect any area around Strange that can be as spacious as Earth. Seal of the Vishanti: Much like a crucifix to a vampire, no evil sorcerer can look upon the Seal of the Vishanti without recoiling in pain. It can also be used as a test to see whether one is a sorcerer who walks in the light, as Black Mages would face great difficulty in tracing the seal. Montesi Formula: A spell that is specifically designed in order to kill vampires. Once Dr. Strange used it to destroy all vampires on Earth. Vishanti Invoking: Strange's most trusted and frequently used source of spells are a trinity of gods known as the Vishanti, which include Oshtur, Hoggoth, and the first Sorcerer Supreme Agamotto. Mind Transfer: Strange can switch bodies with an attacker by calling upon Oshtur. Vapors of the Vishanti: Strange summons a magical vapor around his enemies that banishes them to another dimension. Mystical Sleep: By calling upon the Vishanti, Strange can create a blanket of magical energy that can engulf a city. Everything under the blanket falls into a magical sleep. Mind Domination: Strange can dominate the minds of armies of enemies at once, having complete command over their actions for a short period of time. Counterspell: Whenever he is being overwhelmed by a spell he cannot overpower through other means, Strange can dispel magical attacks with the power of the Vishanti to negate its effects. Conjurer's Sphere: Strange can conjure a sphere of magic around him that drains the magical power in an area to weaken attacks and sorcerors alike. The Incantation of Oblivion: Arguably one of Strange’s most powerful spells. It allows his enemy to behold Oblivion itself, being locked in an endless void of absolute nothingness in its entirety. Invisible Shield of Everlasting Enchantment: To protect himself from harm, Strange has an invisible shield around him at all times that softens impacts and absorbs magical energies to protect him from harm. Darkness of the Divine Conduit: Though he seldom uses it, Strange has been taught the ways of dark magic by Kaluu, who was a classmate of the Ancient One. Resurrection: Being the very foundation of necromancy, Strange can use dark magic to raise the dead. Elemental Subjugation: Strange can dominate the minds of demonic spirits with dark magic. Banishment: Strange can banish gods into other dimensions with Darkness of the Divine Conduit. Power Absorption: Without the use of hand cantations, Strange has the ability to steal the powers of godlike beings with the use of dark magic. He has used this ability to defeat Shuma-Gorath before. Catastrophe Magic: During a war, Strange was forced to use the Emancipation Invocation which stripped him of the ability to invoke the gods for spells and attacks. During this period, he studied Catastrophe magic, which draws on the power of the alignment of planets. He has used it to shield himself from different types of magic. Bolts of Balthakk: Doctor Strange fires a bolts of concussive force to knock an enemy out without killing them Fangs of Farallah: This is the spell that Doctor Strange uses for the nullification of spells Demons of Denak: Channels demonic energy Moons / Mists of Munnopor: Can be used for a variety of things including illusion creation, creating gas and dimensional banishment. Icy Tendrils / Wastes of Ikthalon: Creates ice. Chains of Krakkan: Creates chains that are used for binding Vapors / Vipers of Valtorr: Mostly creates illusions but can be used for banishment. Mists of Morpheus: Create mists that put people to sleep Nirvalon: Can nullify some powerful individuals. Seven Suns of Cinnibus: Creates extreme heat and light.; Crimson Bands of Cytorrak: Strange invokes the being Cytorrak to create powerful bands of energy that restrain the mightiest of enemies, even gods.; Images of Ikonn: By using the powers of Ikonn, Strange can create extremely realistic illusions that can even fool Galactus .; Shades of the Seraphim: Through the defensive might of the Seraphim, Strange surrounds himself with a shield that protects him from physical and magical damage, even reflecting attacks back the the opponent. The shields are powerful enough to defend Strange from the likes of planetary explosions and attacks from the very gods who he recieves his powers from.; Flames of the Faltine: Strange produces magical flames to burn his enemies. Though usually an offensive spell, the fire can also be used as a shield, restraints, or even a dimensional portal. The flames are so powerful that even Ghost Rider , who is impervious to most kinds of flame, feels intense agony when burned by Strange.; Seven Rings of Ragaddor: Ragaddor's version of the Crimson Bands, Strange invokes on Ragaddor's power to create 7 rings that either can restrain enemies or protect any area around Strange that can be as spacious as Earth.; Seal of the Vishanti: Much like a crucifix to a vampire, no evil sorcerer can look upon the Seal of the Vishanti without recoiling in pain. It can also be used as a test to see whether one is a sorcerer who walks in the light, as Black Mages would face great difficulty in tracing the seal.; Montesi Formula: A spell that is specifically designed in order to kill vampires. Once Dr. Strange used it to destroy all vampires on Earth.; Vishanti Invoking: Strange's most trusted and frequently used source of spells are a trinity of gods known as the Vishanti, which include Oshtur, Hoggoth, and the first Sorcerer Supreme Agamotto. Mind Transfer: Strange can switch bodies with an attacker by calling upon Oshtur. Vapors of the Vishanti: Strange summons a magical vapor around his enemies that banishes them to another dimension. Mystical Sleep: By calling upon the Vishanti, Strange can create a blanket of magical energy that can engulf a city. Everything under the blanket falls into a magical sleep. Mind Domination: Strange can dominate the minds of armies of enemies at once, having complete command over their actions for a short period of time. Counterspell: Whenever he is being overwhelmed by a spell he cannot overpower through other means, Strange can dispel magical attacks with the power of the Vishanti to negate its effects. Conjurer's Sphere: Strange can conjure a sphere of magic around him that drains the magical power in an area to weaken attacks and sorcerors alike.; Mind Transfer: Strange can switch bodies with an attacker by calling upon Oshtur.; Vapors of the Vishanti: Strange summons a magical vapor around his enemies that banishes them to another dimension.; Mystical Sleep: By calling upon the Vishanti, Strange can create a blanket of magical energy that can engulf a city. Everything under the blanket falls into a magical sleep.; Mind Domination: Strange can dominate the minds of armies of enemies at once, having complete command over their actions for a short period of time.; Counterspell: Whenever he is being overwhelmed by a spell he cannot overpower through other means, Strange can dispel magical attacks with the power of the Vishanti to negate its effects.; Conjurer's Sphere: Strange can conjure a sphere of magic around him that drains the magical power in an area to weaken attacks and sorcerors alike.; The Incantation of Oblivion: Arguably one of Strange’s most powerful spells. It allows his enemy to behold Oblivion itself, being locked in an endless void of absolute nothingness in its entirety.; Invisible Shield of Everlasting Enchantment: To protect himself from harm, Strange has an invisible shield around him at all times that softens impacts and absorbs magical energies to protect him from harm.; Darkness of the Divine Conduit: Though he seldom uses it, Strange has been taught the ways of dark magic by Kaluu, who was a classmate of the Ancient One. Resurrection: Being the very foundation of necromancy, Strange can use dark magic to raise the dead. Elemental Subjugation: Strange can dominate the minds of demonic spirits with dark magic. Banishment: Strange can banish gods into other dimensions with Darkness of the Divine Conduit. Power Absorption: Without the use of hand cantations, Strange has the ability to steal the powers of godlike beings with the use of dark magic. He has used this ability to defeat Shuma-Gorath before.; Resurrection: Being the very foundation of necromancy, Strange can use dark magic to raise the dead.; Elemental Subjugation: Strange can dominate the minds of demonic spirits with dark magic.; Banishment: Strange can banish gods into other dimensions with Darkness of the Divine Conduit.; Power Absorption: Without the use of hand cantations, Strange has the ability to steal the powers of godlike beings with the use of dark magic. He has used this ability to defeat Shuma-Gorath before.; Catastrophe Magic: During a war, Strange was forced to use the Emancipation Invocation which stripped him of the ability to invoke the gods for spells and attacks. During this period, he studied Catastrophe magic, which draws on the power of the alignment of planets. He has used it to shield himself from different types of magic.; Bolts of Balthakk: Doctor Strange fires a bolts of concussive force to knock an enemy out without killing them; Fangs of Farallah: This is the spell that Doctor Strange uses for the nullification of spells; Demons of Denak: Channels demonic energy; Moons / Mists of Munnopor: Can be used for a variety of things including illusion creation, creating gas and dimensional banishment.; Icy Tendrils / Wastes of Ikthalon: Creates ice.; Chains of Krakkan: Creates chains that are used for binding; Vapors / Vipers of Valtorr: Mostly creates illusions but can be used for banishment.; Mists of Morpheus: Create mists that put people to sleep; Nirvalon: Can nullify some powerful individuals.; Seven Suns of Cinnibus: Creates extreme heat and light.; Darkness of the Divine Conduit (Black Magic): By sheer force of will ""take"" the power of another entity. This does not require the use of a spell. He used this ability against Arioch and Shuma-Gorath. The fact that Stephen can do this is a testament to his incredible willpower and strength of mind. This is considered black magic and as such he rarely employs this. Also when taking the powers of celestial entities he absorbs the mind and assumes their duties and roles in the dimension in which they exist. If his will falters, he can lose all sense of self. Although Dr. Strange primarily uses spells that are considered 'white magic', he will use spells from other disciplines such as black magic, elemental magic, and catastrophe magic when necessary. Dr. Strange's powers are all mystical but take several forms. Main manifestations include: It is said that he cannot use magic that can replicate anything discovered by human science. By force of will, Dr. Strange can ""take"" the power of another entity. This does not require the use of a spell. He uses this ability against Captain Universe as well as against Arioch and Shuma-Gorath in Strange Tales (vol. 2). Strange also uses this to drain the Wrecking Crew of the Asgardian magic they had been infused by Karnilla, though this causes him great mental agony and takes a long time. This is considered black magic and as such, he rarely employs this. Also, when taking the powers of entities, he can absorb their mind and assume their duties and roles in the dimension in which they exist. But, if his will falters, he can lose all sense of self. Dr. Strange also became proficient in Black Magic under the tutelage of Kaluu, including using the necromantic energy released in death for various effects. After he purged Shuma-Gorath from himself, he has since stopped using black magic. At a certain period, Dr. Strange became a receptacle of Earth's Gaia magic through the use of a forge built with the support of all his magical artifacts. This energy was exhausted in the War of Seven Spheres. For a brief period, research from the Vishanti library led Strange to tap into ""catastrophe magic"" by invoking a mystical alignment of all the planets, but this source of magic was limited and he ceased using it specifically as a source of his power. Strange's magical powers at their greatest peak exceeds that of even the Watcher Uatu and rivals that of other great beings, such as Galactus or Celestials.; It is said that he cannot use magic that can replicate anything discovered by human science.; By force of will, Dr. Strange can ""take"" the power of another entity. This does not require the use of a spell. He uses this ability against Captain Universe as well as against Arioch and Shuma-Gorath in Strange Tales (vol. 2). Strange also uses this to drain the Wrecking Crew of the Asgardian magic they had been infused by Karnilla, though this causes him great mental agony and takes a long time. This is considered black magic and as such, he rarely employs this. Also, when taking the powers of entities, he can absorb their mind and assume their duties and roles in the dimension in which they exist. But, if his will falters, he can lose all sense of self.; Dr. Strange also became proficient in Black Magic under the tutelage of Kaluu, including using the necromantic energy released in death for various effects. After he purged Shuma-Gorath from himself, he has since stopped using black magic.; At a certain period, Dr. Strange became a receptacle of Earth's Gaia magic through the use of a forge built with the support of all his magical artifacts. This energy was exhausted in the War of Seven Spheres. For a brief period, research from the Vishanti library led Strange to tap into ""catastrophe magic"" by invoking a mystical alignment of all the planets, but this source of magic was limited and he ceased using it specifically as a source of his power.; For a brief period, research from the Vishanti library led Strange to tap into ""catastrophe magic"" by invoking a mystical alignment of all the planets, but this source of magic was limited and he ceased using it specifically as a source of his power.; Strange's magical powers at their greatest peak exceeds that of even the Watcher Uatu and rivals that of other great beings, such as Galactus or Celestials.; Former Expert Surgeon/Surgical Consultant: Strange holds an M.D. in neurosurgery and was once considered one of the foremost experts in his field. However, the nerve damage he suffered in his car crash severely compromised the manual dexterity in his hands, preventing him from performing surgery except when temporarily supplemented by magic. Even without magic, Strange retains his medical knowledge. He still practices medicine, was the Illuminati's surgeon, and can guide other less skilled, yet un-maimed surgeons through intense effort, and is still capable of serving as a consultant.; Expert Occultist & Magical Knowledge: During his studies which continued until recently Dr. Strange has gain expert awareness on cults and the extra-dimensional entities they worship, this knowledge as of yet far exceeds any on Earth in the Marvel Universe.; Expert Strategist: Though Stephen seems to suffer from an impulsive nature, instinctively jumping into situations of life-or-death, it's apparent that he works best this way possessing considerable strategic skills, which has been employed in leadership structures, and spontaneous situations, all of which is a necessity in the random environment of Mysticism.; Expert Martial Artist: Dr. Strange is a skilled athlete and was trained in the martial arts used by Tibetan monks in Kamar Taj, proving sufficiently talented to pass down such training to others, such as Clea. These talents have assisted him from time-to-time when incapable of using his sorcery. Strange is a formidable opponent to any skilled attacker and continues to train regularly with Wong. He has in some cases, been known to occasionally spar with other heroes; in one case, Strange was able to evade a kung fu hand-chop by Mantis (the future mother of the Quoi) ""only three others have ever done"" and who has been able to subdue Thor in sheer physical combat, despite his strength nearly hundreds of times superior to her own."
