1	I had posted the upcoming solicits for October, which included Wonder Woman’s eightieth-anniversary anthology that I’m writing a story in, and some Harley Quinn covers that have Harley and Poison Ivy on them.
2	They thought that the depiction of bisexual characters as well as Wonder Woman, who’s on the cover with a bunch of other women around her was “feminist propaganda.” The comment spiraled out from there about me killing comics.
3	And since one of the posts was about Harley and Ivy together as a couple, and this person seemed really upset about that, I chose the Trevor Project as a way to support LGBTQ+ youth as well.
4	Tell me more about choosing The Trevor Project to support, and how it connects to Harley Quinn as an LGBTQ+ icon.
5	One of the covers on there was purely celebrating the relationship of Harley and Ivy.
6	I think, at least on an ongoing title, I’m one of the first female, bisexual, Jewish creators to take on this character and Harley is all of those things.
7	After taking the reins of a very openly bisexual character that’s celebrated for this, I almost felt that I was doing a disservice to myself, the industry, and Harley by not letting it be known that this is how I’m approaching the character.
8	So to have somebody come and attack Wonder Woman and Harley and say that these things are “feminist” or that they’re grossed out by it, you know, it really speaks to one of the reasons why I did stay private for so long.
9	Donating the proceeds of that to The Trevor Project was important for me and I think it’s something that Harley would have chosen too.
10	And during the pandemic, taking on a character like Harley and not actually being out in the wild, interacting with people, social media became a really important way to talk with cosplayers or people in the community that is super invested in the character of Harley.
11	Harley also has to wrestle with her past.
12	There’s a lot of guilt associated with things she’s done in the past and she wants to be accountable, but accountability is incredibly difficult, having to actually face yourself and say, I did terrible things, and here’s how I’m going to learn and improve.
13	We’re giving Harley the space to do that.
14	We’re not excusing all the past behavior and I don’t think Harley is doing that to herself either.
15	The current series opens with an act of Harley apologizing to someone who doesn’t accept the apology.
16	Can you show how Harley and the character of Hugo Strange represent the two emerging mindsets of mental health awareness and an antiquated mindset of mental health awareness?
17	Meanwhile, Harley is not so confident in who she is at this moment.
18	And I think we’re seeing an interesting reaction from even the city as a whole, saying yeah, it’s Harley Quinn; it’s not genuine, and judging her, and not letting her be very sincere.
19	I think as much as Harley is going to try and fail every once in a while, she’s sincere, and I want that to come through.
20	Harley is asking questions of herself too.
21	Does she deserve forgiveness?
22	So at some point, there’s a sad element to the book where Harley isn’t sure she deserves that, but she’s still trying and she still has this motivation to keep trying to be better because, as she says at some point, that’s all I can continue to do.
23	In Issue #3, Harley realizes that the best way to open up the conversation in her support group for survivors of the Joker War is to drop her note cards and just speak from the heart to help de-stigmatize the conversation about mental health for the survivors.
24	How important is it for Harley to just be honest and “drop the smile?”
25	Harley’s still working on letting that come down and just telling people in her life what they mean and what she means and advocating for herself.
26	Harley is someone who’s had an issue with setting boundaries in her past.
27	If she was trying to set a boundary with the Joker, that was clearly not going to be respected, and she kept letting him disrespect boundary after boundary, which is why we have someone who is now a little afraid to set a boundary for herself.
28	I think Harley’s at a point where she’s really learning post-Joker, post-Joker War stuff, on her own, who her identity is, what those boundaries are going to be, and how she’s going to set them.
29	Losing the note cards, losing the shield is important for Harley in this quest for sincerity.
30	She’s going to say how she feels and how she wants to relate to people and let them choose how they want to relate to her.
31	At some point, not everyone is going to relate or connect to her in that way, and I think she has to learn that that doesn’t mean there’s something wrong with her or the other person.
32	We don’t have to internalize it and let it crush us, which has happened to Harley before.
33	Harley’s first group session does not end well, but it gives her a chance to be there for those who came to her for help.
34	How does this moment help Harley find her identity post-Joker War?
35	She sets up this thing that’s like, here’s the mission, here’s what I’m going to do.
36	In her mind, she’s done everything right and it doesn’t go according to plan.
37	I want to push Harley in those ways.
38	She thinks she’s done everything right—setting up her new place in Gotham, working with Batman, finding Kevin, helping Kevin, setting up a support group—these are all positive things.
39	And she can do them but there are still external factors.
40	One reason I thought Grundy was going to be such a good foil for her was that he doesn’t say much, so it’s Harley figuring things out for herself.
41	She just has somebody listening and not judging her for it.
42	And she thinks she’s failed.
43	I think that’s her also measuring herself up to someone else.
44	She’s still working out her identity and allowing herself to do this in the most Harley Quinn way possible.
45	That’s something that I think Harley needed to distinguish for herself—what does my heroism look like?
46	It’s a very sincere quest for her to figure it out.
47	We’re not there yet and I’m excited about where more of the story goes as we explore her relationship with Kevin and the new villain Keepsake and things like that as well.
48	Can you tell us more about Kevin and how he keeps Harley on track?
49	We gave Harley a bit of a foil with Hugo, looking in the mirror about the opposite side of mental health for her, and we’re about to do something similar with Kevin.
50	Compared to Harley, where you have her bouncing all over the place, Kevin is a little more structured, and I think there’s something a little bit sad under there, growing up, being teased, and looking for acceptance, and finding that in a way that wasn’t particularly good or helpful for him, and having to realize that just because someone accepts us—or just because they give us time—doesn’t mean they’re a great person to have in our lives.
51	Have you received positive social media posts thanking you, or about how people have connected to the mental health journey and finding these connections to the characters of Harley and Kevin?
52	I want to have those connections with people—I think that’s honestly one of the greatest parts of the job, finding someone that connects about the same thing that I’m interested in—and obviously, I think that writing something like Harley Quinn is just raw.
53	And with some conventions coming back I’m also excited to start talking to people and having these conversations and finding out what other people are liking about Harley or connecting with.
54	I think we probably all see different things in Kevin or Harley or even Solomon Grundy, just because of the way we approach these issues or the series.
55	I think when people say my Harley is a little different from Harleys that came before, you know, I love all iterations of her.
56	I’ve always read Harley books.
57	What I’m highlighting are just the things about Harley that always stood out to me.
58	I’m just highlighting those components that other writers brought to her that I loved.
59	It’s an honor to get to write her after such an incredible line of talented creators.
