Content Keywords
Im here me tell you a story of freedom. A story about economic freedom more specifically. economic freedom
Im lucky to be visiting Peru for my second time now thanks to my friends Osito Lima and Zio. Peru is one of many south american countries where our products have become part of everyday life for many. life, products
Yesterday we ordered food and met the delivery worker someone who learned about web3 through our products. web3
The world is at a crossroads. world
The global economy is facing inflation the result of fiscal mismanagement and bailouts by governments that have caused unsustainable levels of sovereign debt. economy
At the same time human ingenuity continues to flourish. Blockchain Artificial  Intelligence
Developments in Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence offer the potential for a better more productive future for the Human Race. blockchain
Will we seize the moment and evolve as a species? moment
Will we harness these technological developments to create a better more free planet? technological
Or will governments snuff out the bright light of our collective future? government, future
Over the last 6 years weve been on a journey to make sure that economic freedom becomes a basic human right. economic freedom
A journey to teach everyday people how to use blockchain technology to improve their lives. blockchain
To accomplish this we are using gaming as a nostalgic and approachable portal into the world of blockchain. blockchain, gaming
Its working 

 Our game Axie Infinity has entered the guiness book of world records as the 1 NFT project by volume. Axie, NFT
Over 2 Million people own NFTs due to our game.NFT
Our blockchain wallet has been downloaded over 12 million times. With millions of downloads from South America 50 of these people had never used web3 before using our products. blockchain
Weve given out hundreds of millions of dollars in rewards to gamers as incentives for learning how to use blockchain. blockchain
More than creating web3s first hit game we have invented Ronin Network a blockchain that specializes in gaming and has already taught millions how to use blockchain a new age form of financial literacy.blockchain gaming
These milestones and achievements are rooted in our belief that we must focus on bringing adoption to the people that need it the most. adoption
South Americans have an innate understanding that the current systems of money are broken. money
For example an Argentinian will always understand the need for money that cannot be corrupted by the decisions of government. money, government
Today I come to you as messenger of opportunity. opportunity
Today Peru has the chance to flourish and rise if it embraces blockchain. blockchain
South Korea in 1996 declared imf bankruptcy. bankruptcy
Today it boasts an advanced economy because it was an early adopter of the internet and semiconductors. economy, internet
Peru has a similar opportunity today with the rise of blockchain. blockchain
In Hernando De Sotos book the mystery of capital he demonstrates that South America is held back by the lack of systems that create transparent property rights for everyday people. capital
Everyday people lack access to sound money financial services and mechanisms to unlock the value hidden in their assets. assets, money
Assets like farmland that they dont have deeds for. Assets
Businesses that they dont have records for. Businesses
Finally through blockchain a scalable and trustless system has emerged to update the economy and through tokenization turn dead and shadow assets into assets that can be freely traded and used as collateral. blockchain, token
Using blockchain peru has the opportunity to upgrade the rails that its economy runs on. blockchain
Businesses can be tokenized. token
Land without deeds can be turned into transferable assets. assets
I have unshakable conviction that the future of Peru will be powered by blockchain. blockchain
I know this because I have seen it happen already. happen
A women who uses blockchain to send money to their relatives across south america bypassing expensive wire transfers. blockchain
Argentinians who are able to protect their wealth from the ravagaes of inflation by storing their wealth in Bitcoin Ethereum and DAI a dollar stablecoin. Bitcoin, Ethereum, DAI, stablecoin
I will continue to do my part I look forward to your continued support. support
Im humbled to have been awarded an honorary doctorate from UNESCO and CAEIN for my role in onboarding millions of South American citizens to Blockchain technology. blockchain 
Latam is a hotbed of crypto adoption but this is slept on globally. crypto
To the citizens of South America the benefits of crypto make sense because they solve painpoints that they encounter on a daily basis. crypto, benefits
There is a drastic disconnect between the people who invest in Crypto for investment and speculation and the people that are using it daily for their everyday life. Crypto
Lets bridge that gap together. gap
