1. I think that this is way more than the future of gaming
2. This is a fundamental shift in the future of work
3. We are creating new types of jobs, which I think is so important because we're starting to see many types of work automated away, destroyed during the pandemic
4. So we need to figure out what
5. are the types of opportunities that are going to be accessible on a global scale to anyone anywhere in the future
6. And believe it or not gaming is going to be a huge aspect of that equation
7. So within our product, it's called Axie Infinity, players can battle, collect, breed, and even earn tokens with real value just by playing your game
8. So this is creating opportunities in places like the Philippines, Venezuela, Indonesia, places where people are surviving on dollars per day and are able to earn actually more than minimum wage in their countries by simply playing Axie Infinity
9. It's still very hard to get started
10. But you know we came from the generation where when we were playing Starcraft Diablo as kids
11. We couldn't take phone calls at our house, right
12. So new technology always has a little bit of a entry barrier
13. There's friction that always gets solved by builders
14. And that's one of the things that we're really focused on at Sky Mavis is making sure that it's super easy to get started with these NFT games, these blockchain hard games
15. And over the last three years, it's gotten much easier
16. There's still a long, long way to go
17. I will say that one of the advantages that we had as a community is that we started in 2018 during a bear market
18. And that actually, I think, really toughened up our community and made our community a group of missionaries, long-term thinkers that weren't always just thinking about short-term gains
19. I think that's really difficult in this market where people are coming in, right, seeing a lot of opportunity
20. And I think their incentives and their way of looking at the market are a little bit different
21. I think that the future of consumer apps are going to be built by builders and and communities that are kind of impervious to market conditions
22. I think crypto is about empowering people to take back ownership of their
23. of their data, of their digital items and identities
24. It's about so much more than just market fluctuations, Bitcoin price
25. I think that's the amazing thing that NFTs do, right
26. They create this accessible window into crypto that, right, if you're not just interested in purely financial applications, it's much more accessible
27. Sure, so different people have different definitions of the metaverse
28. I tend to think of it as the culmination of a trend where our digital lives start to take more and more importance over what's happening in the physical world
29. So we're starting to see these platforms, these real digital economies where you're able to form relationships
30. both social and economic with anyone, anywhere in the world
31. I think Hollywood has kind of planted this conception of the metaverse
32. That's a little bit, I think, harmful in that people think that, oh, it might require 3D technology, VR glasses
33. I think that the metaverse needs to be accessible to anyone, anywhere, regardless of the hardware that they have
34. So with Axie, 80% of our players are playing on Android devices, which is the most accessible hardware in the world
35. I think that that's really important
36. And I think I kind of, I'm against any definition of the metaverse that requires people to have advanced expensive equipment
