Content	Keywords
Jihoz Slams Corey Wilton's Pegaxy as a Failure | P2E News Play-to-Earn Games Play-to-Earn Games All Games platform platform Linux Linux Mobile Mobile Android Android iOS iOS PC PC Mac Mac Windows Windows browser browser Sorry, nothing found for Make sure you type your request correctly or search for something else blockchain blockchain Aurora Aurora Avalanche Avalanche BNB Chain BNB Chain Cardano Cardano Celo Celo Solana Solana Ethereum Ethereum Harmony Harmony Polygon Polygon OKExChain OKExChain Wanchain Wanchain Terra Terra Qtum Qtum fa Fantom Fantom tron TRON TRON WAX WAX Elrond Elrond Enjin Enjin SmartBCH SmartBCH XRP Ledger XRP Ledger EOS EOS Flow Flow VeChain VeChain image HECO HECO Gala Games Gala Games Klaytn Klaytn Moonriver Moonriver DEAP Coin DEAP Coin NEAR NEAR WEMIX WEMIX Xaya Xaya Phantasma Phantasma Algorand Algorand Immutable X Immutable X hive-hive-logo Hive Hive Arbitrum One Arbitrum One Ronin Ronin BSC BSC KardiaChain KardiaChain Binance Binance Bitcoin Bitcoin Sorry, nothing found for Make sure you type your request correctly or search for something else genre genre Action Action Battle Royale Battle Royale Fighting Fighting FPS FPS Shooter Shooter Other Other Breeding Breeding Card Game Card Game Metaverse Metaverse Open World Open World Collectible Collectible Move to earn Move to earn RPG RPG Auto Battler Auto Battler Adventure Adventure Space Game Space Game SImulation SImulation MMORPG MMORPG VR VR Strategy Strategy Virtual World Virtual World Racing Racing Sports Sports Tower Defense Tower Defense Turn-based Strategy Turn-based Strategy Arcade Arcade Defi Defi PVP PVP MMO MMO Minigame Minigame Horror Game Horror Game Survival Survival Puzzle Puzzle Idle Game Idle Game Sci-fi Sci-fi Moba Moba Combat Combat AR AR Casual Casual Base Building Base Building City Building City Building Fantasy Fantasy Mining Mining Frontier Defense Frontier Defense RNG RNG Brawler Brawler Family Family Esports Esports Fitness Fitness Virtual Reality Virtual Reality Augmented Reality Augmented Reality Space Space Auto Chess Auto Chess Sorry, nothing found for Make sure you type your request correctly or search for something else News Guides GALA Games Guides Axie Infinity Guides Crypto Guides Community Twitter Facebook Telegram Discord Advertise About us Data loading Sorry, no results found Make sure you type your request correctly or search for something else Home Jihoz Sparks Twitter War with Corey Wilton: Calls Pegaxy a ‘Failed Horse Racing Game’ Written by Carla Calitis About author Carla Calitis obtained a degree in Secondary Education major in English and currently studying law in the Philippines. Read more News 1 year ago Jihoz Sparks Twitter War with Corey Wilton: Calls Pegaxy a ‘Failed Horse Racing Game’ Jihoz , a Co-Founder of Axie Infinity , sparked a Twitter war with Corey Wilton , the CEO of Pegaxy after he threw shade against the latter	axie, jihoz, game
So, what’s the “tea” all about? Let’s see! This account is run by the team behind a failed horse racing game. Don’t engage with it as the owners have a record of manipulation and failure	game
Thanks for voting for Ronin network 🤝 https://t.co/5ZmSABapvq — The Jiho.eth (@Jihoz_Axie) May 10, 2023 P2E News recently shared a Twitter poll asking followers to vote for the best Web3 gaming ecosystem. It appears that the poll was shared without any ulterior motive on any specific entity	jiho, web3, gaming
However, Jihoz subsequently retweeted the post, advising his followers not to engage with P2E News since according to him, its owners have a record of manipulation and failure. It seems that Jihoz believed that P2E News was still under the management of Corey	jihoz
Jihoz’s retweet included the caption: This account is run by the team behind a failed horse racing game . Don’t engage with it as the owners have a record of manipulation and failure	jihoz, game
Corey quickly responded to Jihoz’s tweet, questioning why he never say “things” to him in person such as at Philippine Web3 Festival where the two were present. You tripping ser! Why you never say things to me when we are in person at the same events? Very silent about your opinions until you’re online	jihoz, web3
Haven’t owned this page in a year, and unfortunately we haven’t failed at @PegaxyOfficial as much as you’d like to think so, but keep… — Corey Wilton 🇦🇺 (@RealCoreyWilton) May 11, 2023 Corey emphasized that he hasn’t owned P2E News in a year . He also defended Pegaxy, stating that they have not failed as much as Jihoz claimed 	jihoz
Corey challenged Jihoz to specify the manipulation he was referring to and questioned the progress of Jihoz’s goal to reach 1 million followers. But why did Jihoz suddenly attack Corey and Pegaxy? First, it’s important to know why everybody is shocked about Jihoz’s behavior against Corey	jihoz
According to Corey, Jihoz was in the line behind him at dinner (during the Philippine Web3 Fest) and even went to their after-party (Gathering of the Greats at Xylo bar in BGC). Jihoz was also seen replying to Corey’s tweet in 2022, which gave the community the impression that the two were positively interacting and building in the Web3 space 	jihoz, web3
Look at this. Jihoz and Corey interacting and trying to build	jihoz
No drama. No hype	
No punching down. It's always the blind followers… pic.twitter.com/DrhrLCkVEd — focc_x NO | RDG (@focc_x) March 18, 2022 So, why is Jihoz suddenly throwing shades against Corey? No one knows the exact answer	jihoz
However, let’s analyze the possibilities of what could have triggered Jihoz to post such a tweet. First , Jihoz may have been offended by the meme posted by Corey on Twitter, which replaced Jihoz’s face with Corey’s in a popular picture, saying “2022, WE’LL SHOCK THE WORLD (AGAIN)	jihoz
It was captioned “Who made this?!”. Who made this?! 😤 pic.twitter.com/cAMlncDfFJ — Corey Wilton 🇦🇺 (@RealCoreyWilton) April 24, 2023 The picture was originally Jihoz’s face, with the quote from his tweet from January 1, 2022	jihoz
How do you think they’ll shock the world this year? 👇 Source: https://t.co/eHiFvY2vlM pic.twitter.com/eBD45yAXqn — P2E News (@P2ENewsOfficial) January 7, 2022 Jihoz’s tweet stating that they will shock the world again in 2022. Second , P2E News’ tweet about Axie Infinity: The price of Axie Infinity land has taken a tumble, but is it still a good investment opportunity? #AxieHomeland #AxieInfinity pic.twitter.com/HD4OOPTmkL — P2E News (@P2ENewsOfficial) May 10, 2023 As earlier mentioned, Jihoz was under the impression that P2E News was still owned by Corey, which has since been proven to be untrue	axie, jihoz
It’s possible that Jihoz interpreted the above tweet as a harsh critique against Axie Infinity, when in fact it was simply a post aiming to get community opinions. Hours later after Jihoz’s controversial statement, Corey posted a tweet saying that he just want to build Mirai Labs with his team in peace	axie, jihoz
Mirai Labs is the studio behind Pegaxy and other developing games. Just want to build @TheMiraiLabs with our team in peace 🏡 I do love my #1 fan though @Jihoz_Axie 💞 pic.twitter.com/0uvHV7bJui — Corey Wilton 🇦🇺 (@RealCoreyWilton) May 11, 2023 Meanwhile, the web3 gaming community shared their thoughts about the feud between Jihoz and Corey	jihoz, web3, gaming
Many were surprised by Jihoz’s sudden outburst against Corey and Pegaxy, as he had never shown such behavior before. Share this article: Follow us in socials And be the first to know about recent updates Twitter Facebook Telegram Discord Related articles News 1 year ago Crabada is Set To launch an All New Update in Mid October News 1 year ago SolChicks Unveils the Catheon Gaming Ecosystem with 25 NFT Games News 1 year ago Sorare and EFL Championships Join Forces to Launch a Trading Card Game for the Fans News 1 year ago Star Atlas Launches 'The Showroom' to Give a Glimpse of the Metaverse News 1 year ago Genopets Treasure Hunt Unlocks Great Earning Potential News 1 year ago Blankos Block Party is out of Early Access Now Illuvium 1 year ago Illuvium & Galaxy Fight Club collaborate for a Cross-IP Championship "Trophy Run" News 1 year ago The Sandbox Launches Exclusive SAND Staking Program for LAND owners Clash of Moland 1 year ago Clash of Moland Launches One of the Largest Giveaways in the Mobox Universe Gods Unchained 1 year ago Gods Unchained Comes Bearing Rewards through August Offering P2E News is the worlds largest dedicated news team focusing on everything Play-To-Earn	jihoz, nft, game, gaming
We bring you the latest news, leaks and games all in the one spot. We look out for you, so you can focus on winning	
Twitter Facebook Telegram Discord About us Contact Us Advertise Privacy policy ©2024, P2E News. All rights reserved	
