1)	As Part I progresses, Sakura becomes increasingly exposed to the realities of the shinobi world, difficulties for which she cannot rely upon Inner Sakura to cope with alone.
2)	When she was an Academy student, Sakura succeeded through studying alone to the point of pride.
3)	As ashinobi, however, this is proven insufficient as missions cannot be truly completed merely with book smarts, and it is necessary to be able to fight so that other shinobi will not kill her or her teammates.
4)	The latter makes Sakura particularly disappointed in herself, as she is unable to contribute much in battle and must rely on Naruto and Sasuke to save her.
5)	She sets out to change this about herself, dedicating nearly three years of training to making herself as capable as Naruto and Sasuke; in the meantime, she becomes willing to sacrifice herself to protect them, coming to value them both very deeply.[12]She looks to Naruto as a model for this goal, inspired by his rapid growth and his determination to be there for her and all those he held dear.
6)	When Sakura realises that she is as rude to Naruto as Sasuke usually is to her at his urging, she starts treating him better, cheering for his accomplishments, and confiding her hopes and fears with him.
7)	Inner Sakura makes one appearance at the very start of Part II and then is never seen in the series again.[13]This is because Sakura is finally in touch with her feelings and is willing to express what she's thinking, a self-comfort she picked up during her training with Tsunade.
8)	However, this has also made her more emotional and impulsive at times.
9)	Her desire to catch up in strength with Naruto and Sasuke, her protectiveness of them, and her need to prove her worthiness as a ninja, brings forth this dark side of her more easily which often leads her to attack her opponents and get rescued by her teammates.[14]Minato, at one point, witnessing Sakura's outburst on Naruto when he asked if she was his girlfriend, noted that she reminded him of his ownwife.[15]However, Sakura no longer thinks poorly of Naruto, but nevertheless expresses her anger and displeasure with him whenever Naruto's immaturity and idiotic traits surface, often lashing out with violence, demonstrating a very obdurate and stiff-necked nature.
10)	Regardless, Sakura has deep respect and trust towards Naruto's skills as a ninja, angrily reprimanding and threateningSaiwhen he, although deliberately to test Sakura's faith in Naruto, deemed Naruto weak.
11)	Yet, she is ever-worrying for his safety and well-being to the point of easily feeling overwhelming guilt, and values him as one of her closest friends.
12)	Sai eventually points out that he believes Naruto knows Sakura too well for his own good, constantly placing himself in personal peril out of his feelings for her so that Sakura will be happy.
13)	Sakura is moved to tears by this, feeling unbearably guilty for what she feels she had put Naruto through.
14)	Despite her attempts to take responsibility for herself during the Summit by trying to deal with Sasuke herself, she still finds herself relying on him due to her shaky resolve, nearly costing Sakura her life.
15)	She ultimately settles for doing whatever she can for him, trying to do more in supporting him and his decisions concerning Sasuke, trying to do more to help him bear the challenges of being ajinchūrikiand fighting at his side whenever possible.
16)	She is helped in this goal by Tsunade's influence, who trained her to have a contempt for losing and an unbending will;[16]she will place herself at risk so that others don't need to and to assure her allies' victory.[17]
17)	Despite Sakura violently reprimanding not only Naruto, but occasionallyKonohamaru Sarutobifor their perverted tendencies, Sakura herself has a perverted side which she often keeps hidden.
18)	When Konohamaru showcased hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique, Sakura displayed her disgust at the technique, but Konohamaru quickly countered by quickly creating theSexy: Boy on Boy Techniqueto spite her, and instead of admonishing Konohamaru for it, Sakura was immediately drawn to the technique, responding with a pleasured screech upon seeing the technique, with the two cloned individuals resembling Sai and Sasuke.
19)	However, Sakura is embarassed of her own perverted nature, and upon realising her reaction was noticed byTeam 7, she quickly tried to make an excuse, but Konohamaru's suspicions that Sakura is just as much a pervert as he and Naruto are is all but confirmed.[18]
20)	Sakura has been in love with Sasuke since childhood and initially focuses on getting his attention above everything else.
21)	Her initial infatuation for him was rooted in his good looks, and calm, collecting attitude, and his rejections failed to deter her.
22)	Despite being grateful of her loving him after she confesses to stop him from defecting from Konoha, Sasuke rejects her but thanks her before leaving.[19]This rejection deeply upsets Sakura, driving her to plea for Naruto to bring Sasuke home and, when Naruto fails, motivating her to become stronger so that she can bring Sasuke back herself.[20]She tries to separate herself from her feelings when Sasuke becomes an international criminal, attempting to kill him to prevent a war,[21]but her love for him proved to be too great for her to harm him.[22]Even at the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Sakura holds out hope that she may mean something to him.[23]Despite Sasuke's crimes, Sakura was able to forgive him after he sincerely apologised to her for how much he hurt her.
23)	She was also surprised when he exhibited a much softer point with her and began poking her on the forehead, an affectionate gesture he picked up from hisbrother.[24]
24)	After marrying Sasuke, Sakura became very loyal to him and even refused to leave his side while she was pregnant with their daughter,Sarada.
25)	Sakura raises Sarada on her own due to Sasuke being away on his mission for many years, and she frequently reassures Sarada that Sasuke loves them both and will return home once his mission is over.
26)	She is also very patient and wise as her love and patience for Sasuke never faded even though Sarada was barely a toddler when he left.
27)	Although Sakura is very supportive of Sasuke's duties, she is disappointed when he teases her by refusing to show her affection.
28)	Likewise, even after years married, Sakura remains as smitten with Sasuke's good looks as ever.[25]As a mother, Sakura is loving and protective, and has a very close relationship with her daughter and will praise her for her achievements just as quickly as she admonishes her for wrongdoing.
29)	Sakura has fair skin, green eyes, and pink hair.
30)	"In her youth, she wore her hair as bangs in order to cover her large forehead and fend off her classmates' calling her ""Forehead Girl"" (デコリーン,Dekorīn,English TV:Billboard Brow)."
31)	Ino encouraged her not to do this and wear her hair back instead, so that others could see her face.
32)	Later in her Academy career she let her hair get longer because of rumours that Sasuke was attracted to girls with long hair.[10]During Part I, when she realises that long hair is a vulnerability in combat situations, she cuts her hair and keeps it under shoulder-length from that point onward, which she sometimes pins up in a ponytail while working.[26]As Sakura gets older, she is noted to become quite attractive, withJiraiyalikening her looks to Tsunade's own.
33)	In Part I, Sakura wears a redqipaodress — at various times either with or without short sleeves — with slits along the sides accompanied by a zipper and white circular designs.
34)	She also wears tight dark green bike shorts with a shuriken holster around her right thigh, blue sandals, and the standard Konohaforehead protectorworn as a hairband.
35)	Colour illustrations from the manga tend to depict her using nail polish and eye-shadow in Part I, both of which are not present in the anime.
36)	In Part II, Sakura's typical outfit consists of a red top with the same design as the upper-half of her Part I outfit.
37)	Accompanying this are black gloves, low-heel, knee-high boots, black shorts underneath a short grey apron skirt, and grey elbow protectors (her skirt and elbow protectors are pink in the anime).
38)	The cloth of her forehead protector is changed to red and she starts carrying a medical pouch.
39)	Sakura wears the standard Konoha infantryflak jacketand assorted clothing during theFourth Shinobi World War.
40)	She also gains theStrength of a Hundred Seal— in the shape of a violet rhombus — on her forehead, which remains visible thereafter.
41)	Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, Sakura wears a sleeveless red qipao dress that reaches her upper thighs, with white trimmings and a white circular design on the back similar to her Part I attire; it is tied with a black obi.
42)	She wears black shorts underneath the dress, black gloves, and pink elbow and knee protectors.
43)	She has also changed her previous boots to regular black, high heeled ninja sandals.
44)	In adulthood, Sakura's attire consists of a red sleeveless qipao top that exposes her navel, the back of which carries theUchiha clancrest and falls to her knees.
45)	She also wears light-coloured pants, high heels and a red headband.
46)	For battle, Sakura wears a red top similar to her Part II one, with the Uchiha clan crest on the back, elbow protectors and flatter sandals.
47)	At home, she often dons a long white apron and keeps her fingernails long and well-manicured.
48)	She also wears white bracelets on both her wrists.
49)	"She was noted to be ""cute"" and beautiful by Ino Yamanaka, Rock Lee, Konohamaru Sarutobi, Gigi, Ganno and the rest of the prisoners, and also Inari."
50)	In Part I, Sakura wore a redqipao dresswith white circular designs, with or without sleeves, with a zipper, tight dark green shorts, and aforehead protectorwhich she used to accentuate her face.
51)	Her Konoha headband and nails were green to match her eyes and blue shinobi sandals.
52)	In Part II, she wore a red top with a pink/grey skirt, shorts and black gloves.
53)	She also changed her sandals for high boot ones; and she also wore pink elbow and knee protectors.
54)	In the Fourth Shinobi World War, Sakura wore the standard flak jacket paired with blue overalls and her red headband; she also tied her hair in a ponytail while she was working.
55)	Two years after the war, Sakura styled her hair to the right showing her Strength of a Hundred seal.
56)	Her outfit consisted of a sleeveless red qipao tied with a dark grey obi and black shorts with pink elbow and knee protectors.
57)	As adult, Sakura wears a sleeveless red qipao that shows her navel with white pants, high heels and bracelets in the anime, while she wears a red top and white pants in Naruto Gaiden and Sasuke Retsuden.
58)	After marriage, she now carries the Uchiha clan crest on her back.
59)	Sakura scored perfect marks on all her exams, and she was considered to have great knowledge and outstanding chakra control by Iruka Umino.
60)	At the beginning, Sakura didn't like taijutsu and she used to depend on her teammates on many occasions.
61)	To change herself, she asked theFifth Hokageand Sannin to train her to become a kunoichi able to aid and save her friends.
62)	After the time-skip, she became a chūnin and she was noted by several people that she would eventually surpass Tsunade.
63)	After releasing the Strength of a Hundred seal, she finally caught up to Naruto and Sasuke.
64)	Two years later, she was the only kunoichi of her class to be promoted to jōnin and she was strong enough to defeat a pseudo-jinchūriki by herself.
65)	As adult,Borutoconsidered her to be a perfect replacement for Hokage; and became Konoha's Chief Medic.
66)	Sakura has bright pink hair, large green eyes, thick eyebrows and fair skin.
67)	"In her youth, she wore her hair as bangs in order to cover her large forehead and fend off her classmates' calling her ""Forehead Girl"" (デコリーン)."
68)	In the English version, she is callBillboard Browl.Yamanaka Inoencouraged her not to do this and wear her hair back instead, so that others could see her face.
69)	Later in her Ninja Academy career she let her hair get longer because of rumours that Sasuke was attracted to girls with long hair.
70)	When, during Part I, she realizes that long hair is a vulnerability in combat situations, she cuts her hair and keeps it under shoulder-length from that point onward, which she sometimes pins up in a ponytail while working.
71)	As Sakura gets older, she is noted to become very attractive, with Jiraiya likening her looks to Tsunade's.
72)	In some of the flashbacks from Naruto Gaiden, Sakura let her hair grow out once again and tied it in a ponytail.
73)	In Part I, Sakura wore a red qipao dress with white circular designs, with or without short sleeves, with a zipper, tight dark green shorts, and a forehead protector which she used to accentuate her face.
74)	During her childhood, Sakura was seen wearing a long sleeve dark blue shirt that had white diamonds on the sleeves of the shirt, light tan pant and dark grey sandals.
75)	She would wear a light green long sleeve shirt that had flowers on it, a light pink blouse and blue sandals.
76)	In a flashback of Naruto and Hinata's childhood, when Iruka asked her and her classmates to write down who would be the last person that they would like to spend their last day with if the earth was destroy, or if the moon was falling towards earth, Sakura was seen wearing her part I outfit.
77)	In Part II, Sakura, now a chunin, has donned a new attire consisting of a red top with the same design as the upper half of her Part I outfit, with black gloves, black boots, black shorts, short pink apron skirt, and pink elbow protectors and forehead protector which is now on a red cloth.
78)	Her skirt and elbow protectors are also pink in the anime.
79)	Sakura is now also armed with a tantō which she wears above her medical pouch.
80)	When she's not on a mission, she wears her regular red shirt, with a light yellow shirt under it, and a navy-colored skirt.
81)	In this outfit, she still wears her boots.
82)	She later dons the uniform of the Allied Shinobi Forces inclusive of a Konohagakure flak jacket, albeit opting to wear a skirt instead of pants and her regular boots.
83)	She later changes her skirt to pants to assist the medic unit.
84)	During the battle against the Ten-Tails, having stored up chakra for over three years, Sakura obtained a rhombus mark on her forehead similar Tsunade's, known as the Strength of a Hundred Seal, which since being released has permanently remained in the center of her forehead.
85)	Two years after the Fourth Shinobi War, Sakura at age 19 retained her short hairstyle, though cutting it even shorter this time now reaching around her chin, with her bangs now parted to the left keeping it out of her eyes, and her usual red cloth forehead protector worn as a hairband.
86)	She wears a sleeveless red qipao dress that reaches her upper thighs, with white trimmings and a white circular design on the back similar to her Part I attire; it is tied with a black obi.
87)	She wears black shorts underneath the dress, black gloves, and grey elbow and knee protectors.
88)	She has also changed her previous boots to regular black, high heeled ninja sandals.
89)	While off-duty, she wears a small, bottom-up sweater under a larger cream sweater with a pale yellow neckline and white capri pants as well as pink, strappy high heeled sandals.
90)	She also wears a dark red hairband, in the place of her usual red forehead protector, along with a cherry-blossom pendent (similar to her father's) hung around her neck, half-hidden underneath her sweater.
91)	She is also seen wearing a red winter over-coat that falls to her mid thighs, with pink trimmings, pockets and a hood with white fur trim.
92)	In adulthood, Sakura's attire consists of a short red sleeveless qipao shirt with the Uchiha clan crest on the back.
93)	She also wears light-colored pants and elbow protectors, as well as high heels.
94)	"Because she spends more time at home, she often dons a long white apron and can keep her fingernails long and well-manicured.
While at home, she is also seen as wearing several different dresses."
95)	For battle, Sakura wore a red top similar to her Part II one, with the Uchiha clan crest on the back, elbow protectors and flatter sandals.
96)	Rather than show her actual emotions to others.
97)	She projects them inward, allowing a manifestation of who she truly is.
98)	"This manifestation is labeled as ""Inner Sakura"" (内なるサクラ)."
99)	Inner Sakura has the opinions of what Sakura truly wants to say, or opinions that she wants to keep to herself.
100)	"Inner Sakura whose appearances are marked by an exclamation of ""Shannaro!"",  (しゃーんなろー) when frustrated or excited."
101)	"In the English version, she ends her sentences with a forceful ""Cha!""."
102)	Inner Sakura is in a sense a personality separate from Sakura herself.
103)	A fact that allows her to overcome the Mind Body Switch Technique.
104)	At other times, Sakura and Inner Sakura are indistinguishable from each other, usually with regards toUzumaki Naruto; if Naruto says or does something that annoys or upsets her, Sakura responds with violence, a reaction that under other circumstances would be delegated to Inner Sakura.
105)	Instead Inner Sakura would admire whatever Naruto does, with an example being the eraser prank that the latter did to Kakashi.
106)	"In which Inner Sakura admits that the prank was ""awesome!""."
107)	"When Ino used the Mind Body Switch Technique on her, Inner Sakura was able to repel the user from her body, suggesting that Sakura has a split personality, consisting of the ""Inner Sakura"" and her normal personality."
108)	Inner Sakura makes one final appearance at the very start of Part II, and then is never seen again.
109)	This is because Sakura is finally in touch with her feelings, and is willing to express what she's thinking.
110)	A self-comfort she picked up during her training withTsunade.
111)	Her violent and loud outbursts are, as in Part I, uncontrolled and often directed at Naruto, usually as a reaction to his variations of the Sexy Technique or whenever he ask her out on a date.
112)	Inner Sakura looks exactly like Sakura; the only difference is that Inner Sakura has the word Inner Sakura written on her forehead.
