Content	Keywords
The interview to Yat Siu, Executive Chairman of Animoca Brands The interview to Yat Siu, Executive Chairman of Animoca Brands Sign in Blockchain Regulation Security Events Interview Crypto Bitcoin Ethereum Mining Stable Coin Trading DeFi NFT Gaming Metaverse Art World News Fintech Wiki DApps & Smart Contracts Exchange Tool & app Wallet AI Charts DeFi ERC20 Tokens List Stablecoin List Crypto Merch ENG ITA FRA ESP PRT CN JAP KO RU DE Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search ITA FRA ESP PRT CN JAP KO RU DE Blockchain Regulation Security Events Interview Crypto Bitcoin Ethereum Mining Stable Coin Trading DeFi NFT Gaming Metaverse Art World News Fintech Wiki DApps & Smart Contracts Exchange Tool & app Wallet AI Charts DeFi ERC20 Tokens List Stablecoin List Crypto Merch ENG ITA FRA ESP PRT CN JAP KO RU DE Search Home Blockchain Interview Animoca Brands: “We're going to see over 100 million users join Web3... Interview Z - Banner home eng Animoca Brands: “We’re going to see over 100 million users join Web3 because of TON/Telegram” 1 July 2024 Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp The Cryptonomist interviewed Yat Siu , Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of Animoca Brands , to talk about the future of NFTs and metaverse thanks to gaming and education	Web3, Gaming, Metaverse, NFTs, Regulation, Education, Tokens
Here below you will find our interview with him. Summary What are the trends that you believe will drive the Web3 space in 2024? What are some of the biggest regulatory challenges facing Web3 companies today, and how can these challenges be turned into opportunities for market expansion? As a pioneer of the open metaverse, how do you envision its evolution over the next few years? What strategies do you recommend for driving consumer adoption and engagement in Web3? What are the strategies that you are adopting or the investments you are doing to follow these kinds of trends? What do you think about the market of NFT right now? Will it go up again? Can you give us a comment about your idea of returning to the stock market in the future? What are the trends that you believe will drive the Web3 space in 2024? Generally speaking the trends that we think will drive this cycle is basically culture, very heavily driven towards gaming and of course distribution narratives	Web3, Gaming, Metaverse, Investments, Distribution, Adoption
So that means that on the culture side whether it’s like GAMI or like Mocoverse, or digital identity, the gaming narratives are going to be big things because they’re going to onboard users. And in terms of distribution narratives, things like TON, for instance	Gaming, Distribution
Telegram helps solve a really big problem when it comes to Web3 user adoption and onboarding. GAMI now has 3 million daily active users because of Telegram and the TON blockchain 	Web3, Adoption
So to me, those are some of the things that I think become really important drivers in all of this. I believe that over the next 12 to 18 months, we’re going to see over 100 million users join Web3 because of gaming that’s happening to distribution outlets like Telegram	Web3, Gaming, Distribution
So that’s one of the big trends to look at. So it’s quite consumer-focused and of course that means things like gaming, entertainment and also education ultimately will become very big narratives in Web3 over the next 12 to 18 months	Web3, Gaming, Education
What are some of the biggest regulatory challenges facing Web3 companies today, and how can these challenges be turned into opportunities for market expansion? I think when it comes to regulation, it depends on which markets we are operating in, right? So our focus has been Asia and somewhat the Middle East. So the regulatory framework depends on where you are, right? And so we would say that since we don’t really operate that much out of the US for the time being, we don’t have as much of a regulatory concern around what we do in comparison to maybe some of our peers	Web3, Regulation, Asia
Because in Hong Kong and in Japan and in Southeast Asia, where we operate a lot, that market in Asia has been quite friendly to Web3. The rules have been fairly clear	Web3, Asia
And the focus has been on the regulation side, principally on more sort of exchanges, for instance, in service providers and custody providers, rather than people who do web-3 gaming or make investments like us. So it hasn’t really affected us as much	Gaming, Regulation, Investments
But obviously for our portfolio, especially the portfolio,the investment portfolio that has US exposure, obviously they’ve had to grapple with some of this and we have to see how we can support them on the legal side, on the advice side type of thing, and then thoughts around this and also help them enter other markets. As a pioneer of the open metaverse, how do you envision its evolution over the next few years? The evolution of the metaverse is centered very much around digital property rights	Metaverse
We think that’s the main focus for us. And that’s also the mission of the company	
We don’t think that the metaverse is around VR, AR, and goggles. That’s one way to access the metaverse	Metaverse
But that’s not the reason, that’s not the principal way that you engage with the metaverse. The principal way to engage with the metaverse is by owning digital property	Metaverse
So in other words, if you’re in Web3, you own NFTs , you own tokens. From our vantage point, you’re already basically in what we call the open metaverse, in which you have digital property and you can begin to construct from that	Web3, Metaverse, NFTs, Tokens
But it starts with your ownership and you build it from there. And we’re already in the early developing stages of that	Ownership
We think there’s a lot of activity happening there. If you look at, for instance, like Play to Earn Gaming like Axie Infinity or Pixels, for instance, if you look at what’s happening with the NFT space at Mocaverse, these are growing ecosystems and more users are joining them	Gaming, Ecosystem
More people are being onboarded because of that. And as far as we’re concerned, these are already in the metaverse	Metaverse
They’re just not Facebook’s version of the metaverse. They’re in the open metaverse, which is basically the Web2 metaverse	Metaverse
What strategies do you recommend for driving consumer adoption and engagement in Web3? I would say when it comes to adoption, it is games and content. And content, we think, is perhaps the most important thing because content is what you engage in.If you think about content in terms of distribution outputs like Game of Thrones and HBO	Web3, Content, Distribution, Adoption
HBO might be the distribution output, but people won’t use HBO if they don’t have Game of Thrones. The content is king in this case	Content, Distribution
So we’re very focused on the content layer. We also have to make sure that distribution has users that are available to you	Content, Distribution
And that’s one of the reasons we made such a big ecosystem investment in TON, because we think Telegram will help solve a lot of those distribution issues. What are the strategies that you are adopting or the investments you are doing to follow these kinds of trends? For Animoca , the philosophy of the way that we invest is a little different in the sense that we invest based on the kind of future we think we want to build	Investments, Distribution, Ecosystem
So we’re quite focused around being targeted towards investment strategies, towards an ecosystem approach, rather than looking at following an investment thesis. We create the investment thesis and then we invest	Ecosystem
And so this investment thesis is focused around gaming, education, and distribution. And so last year we made a big investment in Telegram and the TON ecosystem	Gaming, Distribution, Ecosystem, Education
We almost invested in over 150 gaming companies because we believe gaming will be a big driver for that. So we have over 500 investments in the space today already, and we have three, of which over 150, actually maybe 160 of them are in gaming	Gaming, Investments
That’s probably our single deepest portfolio to top all that. And of course, education is a new area as well	Education
So we’ve been actively making investments. This year alone, so far, we probably have done over 70 deals already	Investments
Not all of them have been publicized. But to give you an idea, we are basically putting our money where our mouth is effectively	Public
What do you think about the market of NFT right now? Will it go up again? I don’t think we should hope for a bubble. I don’t think that’s the point	
NFT can be used in games, can be used for IP rights, can be used for a whole bunch of things, right? But at its core today, most of the NFTs, whether it’s a virtual land, or it’s a crypto punk, or it’s a Beople, right? What are they? Their status is, at this current moment in time, that they’re cultural capital, right? In some ways, it’s not that different from owning a Ferrari, or a Birkin Bag, or a Rolex watch. You don’t buy a Rolex watch each time, you don’t buy a Birkin Bag, it tells something about the social status	NFTs
So basically, what happens in this community construct is that when you have generated a lot of value in the native Web3 ecosystem, you want to signal your social status  as we do in the real world, based on the items that are representative of that generation and of that ecosystem. So in other words, if I make money or if I achieve a certain status in Web3, I will want a board eight, or I will want a Cryptopunk	Web3, Ecosystem
So NFTs currently are doing about half a billion dollars of volume sales a month. So it’s obviously not as big as it used to be	NFTs
But it’s also not right. So I think it’s and I think it’s and it’s also summer	
So typically post summer period, when the market activity picks up, you’ll see more volumes and trade and activity. That’s I think it’s also a seasonal thing as well	
Typically, that is true for all markets. Can you give us a comment about your idea of returning to the stock market in the future? So, first of all, when the journalist interviewed me, they asked me the question and they said, “do you want to go public again?” And I said yes, because we’re already a public company, right? We’re just a list, we’re already a public company, we have 2,000 e-mail shareholders	Public
In some ways, Animoca is kind of almost like a DAO because we have to go through voting and everything in our registry. So we do want to go public, that’s a fact	Public
But I did say it will probably be in 2025 or 2026. So it’s not just 2025, it’s somewhere between those two	
And there’s a lot of work that we need to do. We need to do a domicile, we need to move out of Australia, we need to decide which market we want to list, we need to hire an advisor	
So there’s still a lot of work that needs to be done. But it is true that we do intend to go public	Public
When you take a company public it can’t happen in one month, it takes a while. Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Previous article Perspectives on Federal Reserve (FED) rate cuts: the impact on Bitcoin ETFs and Ethereum Next article Sony enters the crypto world: the exchange Whalefin moves from Amber Group to new management Amelia Tomasicchio https://cryptonomist.ch As expert in digital marketing, Amelia began working in the fintech sector in 2014 after writing her thesis on Bitcoin technology	Public
Previously author for several international crypto-related magazines and CMO at Eidoo. She is now the co-founder and editor-in-chief of The Cryptonomist, and also PR manager for the Italian market at Bitget.
She is also a marketing teacher at Digital Coach in Milan and she published a book about NFTs for the Italian publishing house Mondadori, while she is also helping artists and company to entering in the sector	NFTs
As advisor, Amelia is also involved in metaverse-related project such as The Nemesis and OVER. RELATED ARTICLES DeFi Trump, the new crypto pioneer: between millionaire NFTs and a revolutionary DeFi platform 29 August 2024 AI AI News: the artificial intelligence startup OpenAI will be valued at over $100 billion 29 August 2024 Bitcoin The layer-2 of Bitcoin Stacks begins the “Nakamoto” upgrade process to improve the scalability of the network 29 August 2024 MOST POPULARS The Ampleforth (AMPL) cryptocurrency has crashed 30 July 2020 DOGS: the free airdrop of Telegram will be officially launched tomorrow 25 August 2024 Storm in the crypto market: Gemini’s stablecoin GUSD loses over 90% of its market capitalization	Metaverse, NFTs
4 January 2024 Etherscan acquires the Solana Blockchain explorer: Solscan.io 3 January 2024 Load more Let's tell the future. The most exclusive news on Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, trading, fintech, and blockchain	