content	keywords
"Against this backdrop, it's perhaps not surprising that billionaires -- including some who were once longtime crypto skeptics -- are now lining up to buy more Bitcoin. But the opportunity for huge returns is not their only incentive.
You might want to take Saylor's recent Bitcoin price predictions with a grain of salt"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin

"He is one of the biggest Bitcoin bulls, and he has a vested interest in getting as many investors as possible excited about the future growth potential of Bitcoin. After all, the company that he runs is now the largest corporate holder of Bitcoin in the world.
But Saylor is not alone"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin

A growing number of high-profile investors have put out price forecasts of $1 million or higher for Bitcoin. Cathie Wood of Ark Invest, for example, now thinks that Bitcoin is headed to $3.8 million by 2030	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Long-Term Value
"Investment firm Bernstein has put out a $1 million price forecast for Bitcoin for the year 2033. And plenty of smart folks in Silicon Valley are attracted to Bitcoin's underlying digital technology and are now suggesting that Bitcoin could hit $1 million or more.

Bitcoin as a hedge against risk and investors are looking beyond Bitcoin's value as a speculative asset"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Bitcoin as a Hedge
They also view it as a potential hedge against political, economic, and geopolitical risk. Billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Tudor Jones, for example, has likened Bitcoin to gold for this reason	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Bitcoin as a Hedge
"If investors are concerned about what's going to happen next, he says, they should think about buying Bitcoin.

According to Jones, there are two reasons to be particularly concerned right now. One is the geopolitical situation in the Middle East and the risks of a regional war"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Bitcoin as a Hedge
The other is the domestic macroeconomic situation. As he sees it, U.S	Michael Saylor
"government debt levels are reaching unsustainable levels, and investing in Bitcoin is one way to insulate your portfolio from a worst-case economic scenario.

Finally, billionaire investors are looking to Bitcoin as a long-term store of value. For example, billionaire hedge fund manager Stanley Druckenmiller now views Bitcoin as being similar to gold in this regard"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Bitcoin as a Hedge, Long-Term Value
"In fact, he refers to Bitcoin as an upstart that could displace gold as the market leader.

Will Bitcoin eventually displace gold as the preferred long-term store of value? A lot of smart people on Wall Street seem to think so. In 2022, Wall Street investment bank Goldman Sachs suggested that Bitcoin might eventually control as much as half of the store-of-value market"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Bitcoin as a Hedge, Long-Term Value
"And Cathie Wood's bullish crypto forecasts also call for Bitcoin winning a rising share of the store-of-value market.

What if the billionaires are wrong? Of course, there's always a chance that the billionaires are wrong. After the recent crypto flash crash in early August, when Bitcoin lost 15% of its value overnight, all the usual critics were out in force.

They suggested that Bitcoin had a better chance of going to zero than of going to $1 million"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Long-Term Value, Criticism of Bitcoin
"They suggested that investors putting their money into the new spot Bitcoin ETFs are engaged in a massive speculative frenzy. They suggested that Bitcoin was a risk asset just like every other risk asset, offering no particular safety during a market meltdown.

Fair enough"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Criticism of Bitcoin
"Those are all legitimate arguments. If you are investing in Bitcoin, you should at least be aware of what the Bitcoin bears are saying.

But over the long run, my money is with the billionaires"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Criticism of Bitcoin
"They are the ones now creating new investment products for Bitcoin, and they are the ones helping to build the regulatory and legal framework that will enable Bitcoin to thrive.

Should you invest $1,000 in Bitcoin right now?

Before you buy stock in Bitcoin, consider this:

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Bitcoin wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Consider when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005.."	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Billionaires and Bitcoin, Investment Advice, Miscellaneous
"if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $662,392!*

Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 720% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 160% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list.

See the 10 stocks

*Stock Advisor returns as of September 9, 2024

Dominic Basulto has positions in Bitcoin"	Bitcoin Price Predictions, Investment Advice
"The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bitcoin. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.

From

This credit card could earn you $1,306 (seriously) and has one of the highest cash back rates we've seen.


