1. It’s not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
2. Everything’s impossible until somebody does it
3. Why do we fall?
4. So that we can learn to pick ourselves back up
5. Our greatest glory is not in ever falling, but in rising every time we fall
6. If you kill a killer, the number of killers in the room remains the same
7. I have one power.
8. I never give up
9. You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
10. The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules
11. Whatever doesn’t kill you, simply makes you stronger
12. Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people need more
13. A hero can be anyone, even a man doing something as simple as reassuring putting a coat on a young boy’s shoulders
14. All men have limits.
15. They learn what they are and learn not to exceed them.
16. I ignore mine
17. Well, today I found out what Batman can’t do.
18. He can’t endure this.
19. Today, you get to say ‘I told you so’
20. That wasn’t exactly what I had in mind when, uh, I said I wanted to inspire people
21. I’m not going to kill you, I want you to do me a favor.
22. I want you to tell all your friends about me.
23. It’s not exactly a normal world, is it?
24. Have You Ever Danced With The Devil In The Pale Moonlight?
25. What were you trying to prove?
26. That deep down, everyone’s as ugly as you?
27. You’re alone.
28. I’m whatever Gotham needs me to be.
29. You do not fear death, You think this makes you strong, It makes you weak.
30. People need dramatic examples to shake them out of apathy and I can’t do that as Bruce Wayne.
31. I can be ignored, I can be destroyed, But as a symbol, I can be incorruptible, I can be everlasting.
32. This city just showed you that it’s full of people ready to believe in good.
33. Maybe that’s what Batman is about, Not winning, but failing, and getting back up, knowing he’ll fail, fail a thousand times, but still won’t give up.
34. If this man is everything that you say he is, then this city needs me.
