Content	Keywords
I think, what's the word, fortune teller, right. And then she was like, yo, you know, read this.	CL207
And then the fortune teller was like, yo, you know, he, oh, actually something funny was like, first of all, he's like, this person is going to be a great writer. And I turned out to be a shit poster.	Crypto, CL207
And then he's like, yeah, maybe you can give him a cuter nickname or something. And then she just called me cat.	Crypto
Maybe the only con so far is like, I feel like a bunch of smaller accounts get intimidated or like think I'm like a trillionaire, which I'm not even close to. And then like think I'm some like, uh, I don't know.	CL207
I know he's definitely safe and legit. Maybe there is a bit of that, but overall, I think people generally are pretty happy to meet up.	DeFi
I got in 18 and then I thought I can just buy and hold and get rich. like Bitcoin from like 3K to 12K like in 2019.	Crypto
And then I was like still super forced. I was like, you know, I need some leverage, you know, like just maybe like just some, and then yeah, just got into trading.	Crypto, General
And then it became much more of like a kind of like a video game endeavor where it's like, I was way more fascinated than by fascinated by why price moved and like. figuring it out then thinking about like oh how much am I going to make on this trade I kind of just like had no idea until like sometimes like the trade kind of played out and I'm like.	General
and then I was very lucky to have like an actual fund pick me up for a few months where I trade a prop for them um but a traded discretionary uh. as a discretionary trader for them.	General
I logged in and had like a hundred Bitcoin in it on the max. Um, I did okay.	Crypto
And then I left, went solo. Uh, in, in 2020.	Crypto
Uh, it was about a month after. Yeah, actually, I didn't lose too much because I was like, yo, if I can trade on this account, I don't need to all in my own personal 5k net worth into whatever bullshit, right.	General
So I didn't really trade it. I just had some dust on FTX and Binance back then.	Crypto, General
So we did a lot of bullshit. Sometimes when Binance went down, we were like, can we shove Coinbase spot, say, market buy one clip.	Crypto, CL207, General
Shove market, see impact. Shove in different menus, see impact.	General
If we're leading the price on this venue, which other venue gets arped up first. It was very degenerate, but it's not quantitative because we don't have computational modeling of if we pump Coinbase versus pumping on Bitcoin on Binance, which.	Crypto
which one pumps harder, like, like we kind of have a sense of finance have way deeper liquidity or like we also have shoved on OKX by quality features. Like these were the biggest products by that back then.	General
And then OKX was like a great platform to. a shelf price back then because Huobi used to also be big and Huobi OKX and Binance was like very well arbed against each other.	Crypto
And then Coinbase Kraken was way more segregated because I feel like the people that are between Asia and China and US, they're uncertain of the stable price of Tether. So sometimes, even if it's like.	Crypto
tether is like 0.99. That's like a massive difference on like if you can rbic one or not, right.	Crypto
So while it was very degen and we tried to like nuke and like move the market on BitMEX and like all these platforms, we did end up getting a very clear sense of like how this market worked. So the fund did pretty well overall except in the crash where we actually did short.	CL207, General
The fund didn't do too well, but it did okay in Bitcoin terms. But eventually I left and yeah, just did my own thing.	Crypto
It was just completely, what do you call it. Like, if you come out of school, you have no job, and then you're just trading crypto with a few grand, you're fucked.	General, Education
I think I was just more a bit of luck and other people just being bad back then. I don't think it took that much to figure stuff out or even just to beat the market, right.	General
And I seem like half of the trading going on is just super gambling. So it wasn't too hard to.	General
like shine a bit like out of that pool of traders. Yeah, I had no logical like decision of like career big picture.	General
So when I did do trade, it was very much just scalp and like. Like intro days, intro weeks, like nothing, like I've never held a position for over a month, I don't think, except Doge, which I fumbled anyways.	Crypto, General
Oh my God. So me, Avi Feldman and a few friends, we had this whole thesis in like mid, late 2020.	DeFi
Well, late 2020 as in like right before the Doge pump we gave up, but we were like a significant chunk of like Doge. futures market where like the entire open interest is probably just us to be honest because like I know I personally held over 10% of the market on Doge and I also made sure to like long like exotic quarter lease contract where I don't do not have enough bid to get out after I buy right.	Crypto, General
so it played out well just not the trade um when we missed out i don't know we could have i think we collectively missed out on like a few hundred mil. Yeah, it's kind of ridiculous because at the top like Doge was trading like 200, 300 billion dollars a day like more than like national volume of entire like Korean won effects or some shit like, like, like if you held had $1 billion of Doge, I still find this fact ridiculous, right.	Crypto, General
You can sell 1 billion of nothing onto the market and no slippage. That's just insane.	DeFi, General
But yeah, if every altcoin has so much liquidity, something's wrong. Because at some point, well, I don't really.	Crypto
I can't say for every coming cycle. Maybe this shit is just the norm in the future.	CL207
But partly because this bottom so far we have had. Like we consolidate here for a year, right.	Crypto
And then you look at like app, like what I would consider absolute vaporware to have multi-billion market cap. And then that's apparently the Pico capitulation bottom, like what the fuck.	Crypto, General
Like that's our society is insane. Like, like, like it's just a collective, what, like collective, uh, like pursuit to buy a lottery tickets and degenerate trading.	General
Like, and that, that somehow just holds the market up. I mean, it kind of makes sense for the world to go in this direction.	General
So it kind of makes sense. And there is way less attractiveness to trading Bitcoin than alt.	Crypto, General
Just trading, yeah. Clearly, just trading.	CL207, General
I saw last cycle where it's very small, by the way. Where a lot of artists I knew and I've commissioned hundreds, they were very open to being paid in stable coins or Bitcoin or ETH.	Crypto, CL207
That was just way more, just yeah. And unironically, fees on a lot of these are actually cheaper than PayPal.	DeFi
So that's been good. So I mean, there is definitely value in just an asset being globally traded over like, yo, you gotta sign up and be a creditor investor to invest or trade or.	DeFi, General
So there is definitely a lot of value in just having this open participation. A lot of what we're gambling on, like 80% or more, like 95% is just like hog garbage.	DeFi
It is what it is, I guess. Yeah, let's say people that view it as a game, as not real, definitely have done well, but also.	DeFi
a lot of these have like lost at all just because like they don't feel like it's real and I used to be way more like that. but you know if you go outside and just like even buy anything like like like holy crap this is like a fraction of your slippage that's that's just really absurd right like you got to start de-risking at that point um I feel like.	DeFi
But prior to that, a lot of the trading I've done are on way more risk. A few grand.	General
Honestly, I don't know, but something I do realize is like, just like how intense the turnover rate is on Twitter in terms of both just people dying out and like alpha where it's like, I see a lot of people posting very valuable stuff that only have like few thousand followers or like 10,000, like, like relatively small, right. And then here I am kind of the contributing nothing.	Crypto
But like, maybe like three, four or five years ago, I had a bit more to say about like, you know, Bitcoin and DeFi and like buying like, buying Synthetix and Aave at pretty cheap. and then longing here and shooting their own youth.	Crypto, DeFi
You can definitely trade on centralized exchange on leverage. I would say it's definitely harder than 2019, 2018, that period.	Crypto, DeFi, General
But it's still definitely doable. I would say the main issues like Binance removing liquidation feeds, you don't see the clear picture of liquidation and open interest is delayed by a minute or something.	Crypto, DeFi, CL207, General
Every time we pump or nuke really fast, you're basically guessing if you should sell or not, or if you should buy or not, which can be deducted, but it's just less obvious, I guess. So it's definitely still tradable.	DeFi
off centralized exchanges, there's a lot of shit-coining going on where like, I feel like maybe like 20% win and like majority of people just either run into a rug or just like fumble or like just buy the wrong thing. But that game is also just like very complex where it's like, like sometimes when shit-coin really stands out, go from like zero market cap to like 100 mil and it's always pushed by like.	General
I can't think if the odds are better here compared to trading on leverage on centralized. There is a lot of this kind of stuff going on where I do see people make a lot of sums.	Crypto, General
If they have, if they have a high user base or like audience. It's a great, like both marketing, like it's just, it's a great Ponzi and marketing thing to have.	General
And I do think, yeah, probably more projects are doing it. I mean, they are, like you already see it.	CL207
And then something I learned from behavior psych is. We always need to have a reason for something, apparently.	Crypto, DeFi
Like yeah, there is real money. Like at some point it's like too cheap, but like obviously like, like if it's trading at like 1500, like it's, it's, it's pretty much like a game, right.	General
And then it's like, OK, are you really buying this for the tech. say something because that's socially acceptable to own an iPhone and socially acceptable to say why an iPhone is superior.	Crypto
In a sense, that gives valuation to these tokens. And attention is really important now because you could, quote unquote, have amazing tech.	Crypto
Or like we're getting more and more to that point. And then it's like, some people may be like, yo, some protocols actually make money, yo.	General
Because people won't hear about it and they're not going to buy it. But everyone shows like, oh, this protocol makes money.	General
Even if it's not a lot, it's going to the tokens probably going to go up. So, yeah, it's very much just getting to a point of just hyper.	Crypto
Influencer like social media ish market. Yeah, I would say.	General
Yeah, and I think the GME was actually just like the start of like all of this for triad file like I think like even like common stocks like in. Yeah, maybe not the major stocks, but the mid caps and small caps are definitely going to be moved by a lot of retail in the future too.	DeFi, General
Honestly, no, I'm pretty horrible at that actually, which is why I don't dabble so much in the altcoin market. Yeah, I actually mostly just do like big caps and the flows they talk about or I've mentioned that is actually more just like, you know, like if Coinbase is buying on spot and perps are longing on perps, like dude, it's just gonna go up, right.	Crypto, General
So that's the kind of flows I trade. And I'm a very aggressive trader who does not care about entry with no distinct stop loss.	General
right like so like i'm very aggressive and stuff like that and like if they stop buying then sure you know i'm very i'm very likely looking to like just close out no matter where the price is if it's higher or same or lower. so that's i guess just like trading momentum honestly but.	CL207, General
So then I might jam in on like a reverse, like, you know, no one's bought in like six, like six hours and the open interest and leverages and funding rates are jacking. You know, I'm going to jam on the first, uh, like sell, sell momentum, right.	Crypto
Hey, so that's a lot of the flows I trade. And I think jazz is a much better narrative trader than me.	General
And most people, honestly, like. I'm the type to think about, oh, Doge could be the next narrative, and then just not even have any exposure.	Crypto
I'm probably not a great altcoin trader, except for DeFi, I guess. That was just very obvious, maybe because the groups I hang out with are more on the funds sides and the retail side.	Crypto, DeFi, General
Maybe it's more obvious if you talk to 100 non-institutional traders every day. I mean, that's a lot of alpha, right.	General
Like, I don't know what they do honestly. But when I was like, like people whose funds are talking about DeFi, they're like, yo, we can't deploy because there's no liquidity.	DeFi
the stuff I hear about, so I may know a bit more of. I do remember the Synthetix Aave trade.	DeFi, General
So you're really, like, really trying to not stop the price too hard. Yeah so that was like a very different trading.	General
and I don't even put too much into like these trades because like I just had no idea if. it really does play out or not, although I kind of feel like it almost was definitely what was going to play out.	DeFi, General
You put money in, you get some yield here and then you get the token. Now you get the token, you dump it, your yield is now this amount, which is like, let's say like 300%.	Crypto, DeFi
Let's slam a mill into this farm, get some risk-free return, unless you get robbed, which I assume some of these funds had a dude who actually can read some code and be like, hey, this seems to be safe or not. So a lot of funds started farming DeFi later on.	DeFi, CL207
And yeah, it was pretty much the only new thing where you can leverage on-chain, borrow money on-chain, and then just do this and that, some funny mechanisms where people have never been able. do before or they could but there was just like no size at all.	Crypto
I actually remember I deposited one ETH into Dharma in 2019. and then I was getting 4% yield.	Crypto, DeFi
and I was like you know this is like. so cool like I can see like this ETH going into the pool and then like actually back then it was like individual pools so if you want to borrow ETH you have to like either find.	Crypto
someone who's like willing to lend out the same amount or something. it was it was badly designed I think.	Crypto, DeFi
but I can see the exact address I borrowed my ETH. and I was like yo that's fascinating like I know he has to pay back because like he's gonna get liquidated for a way more amount of USDC if he does not pay back right.	Crypto, General
so and that USDC goes back to paying me buying like one ETH and sending it back to me. so I knew it was safe unless like.	Crypto
We really just abruptly sent 100% in one minute with no liquidity to cover, which was not really possible. But yeah, something really insane has to happen for it to work.	Crypto
Are people buying and then like, I guess you can project something, but AI is just like such a new world to me. Like, I don't know anything about AI, so I'm just not going to talk about it, but some people may actually know something about it.	Crypto
Like they can make some stuff up about, or they may see something like people don't. And then if you believe in that, like AI.	Crypto
Are you serious. Like, I thought we were trading, I thought we were trading like magical internet money.	General
yeah, I mean. But like I am kind of foolish on it because just like the overall fact that you can just earn yield like yield is like everything yield related to yield and just giving out free money is just foolish right because it's like it's just it's just a meme people have always accepted and like like about like just earning over time.	DeFi
yeah anything with yield is just it's just good in my opinion it's a good thesis. Someone could see something there and be like, okay, this is clearly undervalued.	Crypto, DeFi, CL207
If you know, then you know. I don't think they're overlooking because like we already have a lot of people talking about it.	CL207
And then it's like, well, like I honestly do not know like what's the exact mechanism people are bringing like, oh, whatever yield from whatever government is like to on-chain. Like there is few forms, the people are also just buying like, oh, like, yeah, hey, our protocol owns like a thousand houses here.	DeFi, General
Like, like, like, like, like out of no clue how legal that is, or like just how ruggable that is, like how safe it is. If you know it's safe and you think it's undervalued, I think then that can be a good play.	CL207
Also, I feel like part of the meme is not really about us, but a lot of new buyers are going to be a mix of just our generation and then the older generation, which probably prefer something that sounds like something they already know, which is like RWA would be something they kind of know, right. I feel like that's also why we've always got a persistent bid.	Crypto, CL207
they're going to be like the overlord of like a corner of Twitter where like they can just keep influencing the market. And then it's like, or just like way more like of these like bought it accounts or like fishing, like scam and like, does that just like scam people, right.	General
people who just want to like code some BS bot to like scam some money like it's like no risk but full return. right so it's like it's such a great thing to do uh if you're just if you just don't care about like ethics and uh just want to make money.	Crypto
a group of friends of me, they might talk about, hey, that guy, I don't trust him because he did this and that. Words spread, right.	CL207
But it doesn't spread as easily here, I feel like. Or people just forget, forget, because these posts get buried in a week or month.	CL207
But it's hard for an identity to really stay and get really big. I always saw a friend tech was a mix of just like a mix of both rep and something else, a bit of like how much, how active you are or like how.	Crypto
much ETH are you spending kind of and then like and then there's like a bit of Ponzi where there's three three going on and then there's a bit of like actual utility where it's like. okay i can buy this like maybe there's like i would say maybe there's actually at least five good traders on the platform where you know there's genuinely uh like a justifiable lifetime price to pay for um.	Crypto, General
i i don't really need that because like. it's really hard for me to trade off other people's opinions.	General
Kind of like if you log into someone else's trading account. and you see like five positions, you don't really know why they're open, where they think it's gonna go, like you have no clue how to manage these from that point on, right.	CL207, General
It's just not your trade. So it's like really hard for you to have a conviction in it.	General
I've met a lot of people there. And part of it was actually just me buying a bunch of accounts that are of the Asian community.	DeFi
I thought that was like probably like, obviously, it's not worth like what how much I spent like, I'm not gonna say. but that was still at least something came out of it.	Crypto
I hope the points are worth something, but we still don't know at this point. Yeah, that's another problem.	Crypto
It takes a lot of time to get good at this, as in to even know what you're reading is like how legit this guy is. I feel like as you spend time on this website, you kind of subconsciously build like a kind of like how legit they are score.	CL207
You follow them, too. And I would definitely always make your own decision, just because that's how you actually really get good at something, not from listening to others.	Crypto, DeFi
But it's hard for me to have conviction on something that's just like a higher time frame, just because the uncertainty just gets bigger and bigger as more time there is for you to guess what's going to happen. So even when Bitcoin was breaking out of like 12 to 16 to 20 K, like I was pretty sure all of that was going to happen, but like I could only hold a position to like 16, for example, right.	Crypto
Cause like I knew like I'd retrace would come and then it's much harder for me to mentally read long like 15 K. It's like, bro, I've never longed my whole life.	CL207
I like my two years of two, three years of trading so far has been a Bitcoin is like five K, eight K, you know, like 15 is crazy. I think it takes some skill to adjust to that but, and like I should have thought about, like yo, this is a time where you do not think about what the fuck the price is when you're longing.	Crypto, General
Like you sold 16, it's time to rebuy 15 if you think it's going to 20, right. But I didn't rebuy the size I want, but also just like if you're on like some form of leverage, which I was, then.	Crypto
And then the not-so-humble ones tend to go bigger, but I've seen them draw down also much more. Yeah, just get ego, being humble, get at risk, having the ability to know you're wrong.	DeFi
But overall, mine's just very momentum-based, or just kind of just monetary-based. If I'm down six fakes, I'm definitely looking to cut, even if I think it's going to bounce in favor of my position, just because I tend to have this system where.	DeFi
If I'm wrong by that much margin, then I do not deserve to be breakeven to begin with, even if I think it's going to like, uh, retrace to my entry immediately or something. Um, so this, I guess this, this part of trading is where I see as a game and not like real money.	Crypto, General
Some of the, some of the trading stuff I do is not definitely not very, um, I guess like just perfect EV or something. That's pretty good amount.	Crypto, DeFi, General
And then there's always kind of like a, a feel of like, we're like a price level ish. I mean, it's pretty obvious where like people get liquidated and stuff, but.	General
You kind of have to take some leaps of assumptions where I think. If we dipped 5% here, we utterly fucked because that destroys everyone on x20 leverage, which is pretty common, honestly, for this market to have.	Crypto, General
And then it's like, if you also assume a lot of positions are open and high leveraging around the same price, we've been consolidating. And then if we move against all these positions, they're going to have to close.	Crypto, CL207
Earlier today, Bitcoin was at 30%. and I just thought and that's like the highest spin in like I don't know a week or so.	Crypto
and then I just sold at 38 flat um. so I mean that's just like pure momentum.	Crypto
and then yeah didn't make a ton on it maybe like 10k. I I don't trade a lot anymore.	General
It's definitely going to test 38 somehow. It seems like you go off vice.	DeFi
Like they, like they do not exist. You know, like there is no like God in this market.	General
Like they, that's influencing the market. Oh my God.	General
And then I think. There's a lot of alpha in these like on-chain traders and a bunch of the smaller centralized exchange traders where not many people are following as much just because like they don't ship posts as often.	General
or it could be talking about something that big accounts catch on later. Networking is amazing.	Crypto, General
I mean, like you, you can, like a lot of these group chats, they're not exclusive at all. They're just like, yo, if you're, if you're just like a nice guy out there.	CL207
And it's like, or you just all get rocked together. I don't know.	Crypto
and it's like you don't have to be like following the big accounts like I like even for me like I don't feel like I tweet much saying stuff useful for you guys or they say for anyone right like maybe apart from like. hey I think Bitcoin eats the bands.	Crypto
So I remember just like one day I came across this shitcoin worth $3,000, $4,000, $5,000. And it's just like this sock from Uniswap.	DeFi
And I was like, okay, this, like, this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever fucking seen my whole life, right. Like the ETH was at like 1k back then, or like, no, no, no.	Crypto
ETH was at 200 and this shit was at 5k. Cause like, this was like 2020, right.	Crypto
And it pumped because every sock holder was going to get like the uni airdrop. So it pumped to 10k.	DeFi
