Content	Keywords
CL207 uses VQ for his virtual cat appearnce. It's just a normal camera, but you install this app.	CL207
It's just like, observe your face muscles and stuff, and just telegraph that onto whatever model you have. Like, they have to input, like, okay, what part of this face is, like, this cat's muscle is going to move if the human starts moving, or stuff like that.	CL207
So the question was basically, if I remember correctly, was something akin to one guy buys like $50 worth of Bitcoin and the other one buys like $100 worth of Bitcoin.	Crypto
And it was just basically using the leverage as in like the one guy that bought 100 did it without leverage and the one that bought like 50 did it with like 2x leverage.	Crypto
They were like, okay, well like 4x leverage, the second guy.	Crypto
They weren't really understanding how leverage works, which is like, you don't necessarily like when you're saying like, I bought this with 4X leverage, that doesn't have to mean that you just bought your entire balance and then 4X it whatever.	Crypto
Most people just don't read this stuff, like the documentation on the exchanges.	CL207
You actually do go to that exchange, check out the trading history.	General
like basically find out like what caused it because like like just general understanding of what's happening is pretty important I think if you're only trading right like because like then you know.	General
Good thing I did early on was like every any time I saw like something some sort of like data happened, which I was not sure like why was happening.	Crypto
And yeah, like I was checking the open interest there and it was just like 50, 60 or like 70 mill worth of shorts, like just pushing the market down.	General
And yeah, actually later on, I think that short got liquidated on the way up at 8,600 and that pushed like.	General
So you could have bought into his shorts and sold it back to him, basically opposite end of the premiums.	Crypto
Say right now, I market long a Bitcoin, and then I'm buying it from probably the market maker, right.	Crypto, General
So the market maker is now short a Bitcoin, because he just allowed me to buy the other side of the contract.	Crypto, General
The market maker now, he's short one Bitcoin.	Crypto, General
some sort of trading desk and be like, yo, can we have like one Bitcoin to borrow.	Crypto, General
And for like, say, very low APR, probably like 1% or something pretty low, right.	Crypto
Because like, yeah, like Bitcoin doesn't get much yield because the short demand is not like, extreme, right.	Crypto, DeFi
Like, so they borrow a Bitcoin, they sell it on spot, their position is like totally dealt in neutral, they're chilling, they have a ton of collateral, the market maker is happy.	Crypto, DeFi, General
And you're on leverage.	Crypto
And you have a liquidation price.	General
It's not the market maker.	General
So like, yeah, if price start moving down, I'll be the one selling and because I don't want to be liquidated, right.	General
So then I would sell my Bitcoin and that causes the price to drop more.	Crypto
So essentially like, yeah, technically it's one to one, but the amount of risk these participants are taking are definitely not one to one.	DeFi
You have to think which side of the market are the riskier bets being made, because usually it goes against them.	General
a few of them are pressured to close.	CL207
That just makes the price drop more, which causes the medium risk of people to close, which in turn then, say, causes the price to drop even more.	CL207
And then I have people like CL and people like other people that look at the same data basically, and they keep spamming about it.	CL207
No, but like it doesn't affect like funding affects my trading.	General
And then I go to my trusty friends that know more about the leverage aspect of it and who's short and who's long and how the market's looking and ask them.	Crypto, General
you have you've had like three four months of just like all these lungs trying to buy more and they and I like I knew was unhealthy but like it was hard to tell when it will fully get white right because they it's.	Health
And you're like, okay, so the average lending rate is still positive 20% for the next few months.	DeFi
So why should you assume the market has no loans left.	DeFi, General
The PIRP can get into negative funding just based on lack of liquidity for a lot of loans to exit in a short period.	DeFi
especially the ones on like FTX, Huobi and like I think Binance is also getting more liquid.	Crypto
but yeah these are like the most liquid interest rate markets in crypto and like and that's like way more determinative of like the sentiment, at least I think so.	General
and you're just waiting for something and you get negative funding for a day or two then you're probably gonna or like even you've had negative funding for the down move i mean it just makes sense to bounce in my in my eyes it's less sophisticated.	Crypto
So it's like, yeah, that just means the market is not bullish at all.	General
So there is net, no leverage, which is why the interest rate stays at zero.	Crypto
So usually, that's been, or at least in 2018, when the futures started getting more popular on BitMEX, it was still, I don't know if every backwardation market, a local bottom at least.	General
Yeah, so backwardation is just the future.	General
data contracts for Bitcoin is trading below the current spot price.	Crypto, General
Essentially, that's a contract where you can buy on leverage.	Crypto
Content goes the opposite, where people are paying an interest to use leverage, which is how it should be.	Crypto
But yeah, I do remember clearly, just on the May 19 drop recently, at first, Ether went to 2,300, 2,400, and that already pushed June futures to negative.	Crypto, CL207
And I was like, holy shit, people are really getting absolutely destroyed.	Crypto
I guess it's hard to pinpoint, OK, this is where the liquidation cascade stops.	General
So if the market has been long, net long, for a long period of time.	General
you can expect a while for all these long contracts to capitulate out of the market.	General
So yeah, usually the longer it stays leveraged for, the more severe that kind of drop happens.	Crypto
that last for like a couple minutes or something, so.	Crypto
It's pretty hard sometimes in the futures markets, right.	General
Liquidity wise, because I mean, I remember, it's gotten better, but I remember back in the day, I don't even know on which kind of like move it was, but I was trading on the futures and then I was trying to exit my position and I just couldn't.	General
It just closes and it goes quickly below and then other people that are.	CL207
With these kind of sharp moves, like the small ones, can often be just one person or a couple people not having enough liquidity, basically.	DeFi
And then the bigger ones are just really good buy opportunities because it's going to go to.	DeFi, General
market price eventually, right.	General
So you're just getting paid to buy something, which we're all bullish on anyway.	Crypto
Usually historically at least like 20% been pretty good easy sells but like that was in the fair market like like okay.	General
and then it pumps 20% and then like you see futures like 25% and that's like like annualized that's like okay people just start selling but this bull run has like slightly exceeded some of my expectations I think like we were at like 50% plus and like that's very like and these are like multi-months like very liquid interest rate markets so it's like.	General
Yeah, that's like billions of dollars on futures making locked in yields of like 50% annualized or more.	DeFi
