Content	Keywords
"I have followed him since I got into crypto and, like many, have always wanted to learn more about the person behind the account. CL is actually academically trained in chemistry and had no finance background before he began trading crypto"	"CL207, General"
"He made no money for 2 years, but over time has evolved into an extremely thoughtful and intelligent trader. We start this conversation with one of the weirdest and most fun back stories we've ever had on the show"	General
"We then dive deep into CL's trading journey and bring this process to life with examples. We end the conversation on a variety of topics like fashion, anonymity, virtual reality and more"	"CL207, General"
Cat is a highly original and interesting thinker. Talking to him was an absolute blast	Crypto
"So I'm very excited to have CL207, also known as Cat or CL, as my guest today"	CL207
"For people that are listening to the audio version, I'm talking to an animated cat in a hazmat suit, and I couldn't be more excited. The world, it triggers you in really funny ways to what you're doing"	CL207
"So Cat, the first question I wanted to ask was, we did as much research as we could. I followed you for as long as I've been in crypto, but I was trying to figure out where CL207 came from"	CL207
"And I believe CL20 is an explosive of some sort, a chemical explosive found at China Lake by the Navy in California. That's as close as I got to trying to figure it out"	CL207
"And I'm not trying to dox you. But I thought a fun place to start would be, who was Cat before Cat was created? Where were you before crypto began? And then where did this idea of creating an Avatar come from? Creating an Avatar is quite a common thing among streamers, who want to stream anonymously"	CL207
"But the origin was, I believe, from 2019. Another big trader called likecrypto, you probably know him on Twitter"	General
It evolved over time. So COVID came and all these people were like putting on hazmat suit	CL207
"It was just a passion of mine before crypto. So I did it throughout high school and college, wrote about it"	Education
"And he said, ""This is cool. What do you do?"" Just to introduce myself, I've worked at China before, and now I'm a professor at a big school in the United States"	"DeFi, Education"
And I told him I'm just 18 years old. I'm fresh out of high school	Education
"I got into trading, made no money for 2 years. But I think the luckiest part throughout my journey was my mom never really pressuring me like, ""Dude, son, go get a real job"	General
"What the f*** are you doing, loser?"" She's just like, ""Okay, go do whatever you're doing."" And after 2 years, I became consistently profitable. I found a bunch of stuff in the market"	General
"I just trade based on positions, and a lot of people being squeezed up and down this market.  First of all, it sounds like you have a fantastic mom, who lets you kind of follow what you're looking for, which was pretty far ranging from chemical explosive expert to trading crypto"	General
"In the crypto market, as you entered, you said it before that you were very poor. And this is all about trying to bootstrap and make money"	General
And it didn't work for 2 years. What gave you the conviction to stick with it? I don't think you trained in finance or you didn't work for anyone	General
"Yes. So in 2018, I got in, bought some bitcoin, swapped to some shitcoin trying to make more bitcoin"	"Crypto, DeFi"
"And then I was like, ""This is some weak stuff. I bought bitcoin, at 3,000"	Crypto
And I'm self-employed. I bought like 1 bitcoin	Crypto
"My net worth went from like 3,000 to 12,000, and now I got to sell this stuff so I can buy some food again. So I was like, ""This is not going anywhere"	General
"Buying bitcoin, waiting for it to go up sucks. I need to actually make a lot of money"	Crypto
"And I just kept digging like, okay, who bought today? Why does this go up? And I just like go through all the exchanges, look at all the trade history. I kept digging why every move happened"	General
What's the deeper level? Why did they buy? Where did the buying happen? Can we front-run this while it's happening and gain a few bps on leverage if I see like a big consistent buying? Yes. So I kept going deeper and deeper	Crypto
"And I think after a while, it just clicked where I'm like, ""Well, all the trading actually happens on BitMEX back then because that's where all the volumes are, all the open interest. People are gambling $50 million, $100 million positions over if the next coin-based buyer is going to buy $1 million or so, $1 million"	"CL207, General"
"So I was like, this is nuts, people are gambling a crazy amount and then later on realized, wait, the price always go against the majority. If everyone was longing for like weeks on weeks, and then it tends to just start dropping because ultimately they got to close their positions"	CL207
"And vice versa, if everyone was just so bearish, you see sparse selling and then you see futures shorting and it's like, okay, more likely than not, these shorts are going to close. It might just bounce a bit"	CL207
"So yes, over time, I think I just learned how it works. And honestly, the best part about trading bitcoin was that there wasn't fundamentals"	"Crypto, General"
"There wasn't going to be an earnings report that's like, ""Oh, it's so bad that even though everyone shorted it kept going down because the earnings suck so bad."" So there was no fundamentals. And the literal fundamental was only people's positioning and just general market sentiment"	General
"It's impressive. During that period, because I've heard rumors about this with you, that some people, when they get into trading, they're super curious just like I was when I was a kid looking out like, ""Oh, I bought a stock."" And I remember as a kid I told my father, someone bought me a stock, and I'm like, ""This is just legalized gambling for adults."" And he's like, ""No, no, no"	General
"It's investing."" And I ended up going down those rabbit hole and I read all these investment books and went in finance. CL's Trading Process But it was a question to me of the differences between gambling, speculation and investing"	"CL207, General"
"And as I was listening to you, waking up, going to sleep dreaming about charts, the thing I've heard about you is that you didn't build quantitative systems or an algorithm. That you literally just trained yourself to be staring at charts and that your edge is something intuitive that you've built over time"	Crypto
"I think everyone that trades, they build up this intuition over time, something that's hard to describe. But the more quantitative part is just watching orders come in"	"Crypto, General"
"If it goes up too much, I'll just be wrong or something like that. And I probably risk approximately this amount on this trade"	"Crypto, General"
"But there is also the quantitative part, which is how much people are paying to keep their positions open? Because in crypto there is no fundamentals, as too much buying happens in futures, too much selling happens on futures, they tend to drive the lending rates up and down. How much does it cost to borrow another $1 right now to buy more crypto? Or how much does it cost to borrow more bitcoin right now to short more bitcoins? These are very powerful information to have, and these are all public information"	"Crypto, DeFi"
"Just double-clicking on that because I know that as you started kind of sharing your knowledge, you were one of the experts or people that others would look to about how futures work to the options markets"	"CL207, General"
"And so you were trying to build basically a profile of buyers and sellers to understand how the market was positioned and how you want to be positioned against it. When someone puts a futures trade on, there's someone buying and there's someone selling"	General
" First, every long people say there's a short. In reality, people that make the market, they're not going to be degenerates and be like, ""Okay, if everyone longs, I'm just going to be short against them."" That is crazy"	"Crypto, General"
"So I'm not a market maker, but I know they don't take crazy amounts of risk over like anything more than hours or days. So if you long, there is a short, yes, but that short is backed up by a real spot purchase because you bought futures, which is backed up by spot"	General
So the buyer has invalidation. The buyer have a liquidation level	General
"Or the buyer can be buying on leverage. A while ago, there was like a profile of average amount of leverage used"	Crypto
"5x is popular, 10x is popular. So if everyone long 10K, if you go to 9K, you can expect a lot of people to get liquidated who's on 10x"	General
"So an interesting way to ask this would be, you were in Japan on a vacation having a lot of fun, and you didn't check the screens for a week. If I brought you back, as Cat, I want to get a pulse of what's going on in the market, where would you start putting that picture back together if you haven't seen it for a while? Cat: [00:14:50] I try to not just straight up trade unless it's somewhat stupidly obvious, but that's kind of rare"	"Crypto, DeFi, General"
"But I would first look at price of everything and then be like, ""Okay, cool."" Maybe the biggest cast like Bitcoin and Solana, stuff like that. And then I would pull up Binance Futures, Bybit, maybe OKX"	Crypto
"These are some of the biggest venues right now. I would say most price are driven by these 3 venues for spot, definitely also coin-based"	DeFi
"So I was trying to go back, see, look at these trading. And sometimes it's not as simple as just how much buying, how much selling because the buying can be heading in the form of a bid"	General
"And then on the trade history, it would show up as a sell just because they kept chasing a bid. So it takes a while to go through all of that, be like, ""Okay, that was actually a bid even though people were selling nonstop on coin base but that was just bids chasing and refilling and chasing."" So kind of go through all of that and then go in futures as lending rate jacked up, what may people go along? What maybe people go short lately? Was is it, like some kind of narrative? Or is Bitcoin getting banned for the 10th time"	"Crypto, DeFi, General"
"So right before we started to talk, the Wall Street Journal published a headline, which is a very weird headline that the SEC said BlackRock and Fidelity ETFs might have had inadequate information. The funny thing about that is -- and I posted this on Twitter, if you read it, which I have never seen this happen before, so maybe I missed this"	CL207
"But it was kind of giving an answer to the test which said they wanted them to declare where they were going to trade. So I don't think it was as negative as the market thought, but the market moves rapidly"	"CL207, General"
"And something like that, we had a delay for you to do some trading. Does that get your attention? And then a follow-up to that is like what is your average holding period? Is it you're in and out in a couple of minutes, hours, days, weeks, months?  Honestly, if you're trading futures, no one do month"	"Crypto, General"
"If you do month, chances are prices have gotten up and you haven't taken profit and then gone against you to the point that you had to close. A month in crypto is crazy"	CL207
"I would say the average position holding for the average trader is days, weeks, which is why this market is so crazy. I believe it's similar in stocks in the analogy that people buy for a short-term or midterm gain"	General
"There is that kind of people in crypto, but their flows are not strong enough to be pushing price up 5% up and down each other days. These are all short-term traders, probably on leverage, probably spending a lot of premiums on options"	"Crypto, General"
"I like to think they're not super-informed, which is why I'm also pretty short-term. Where most of the action happens and where most of my money was made just somewhat pretty short-term days, hours, something like that, yes"	Crypto
" So walk us through today, to the extent you can share, it's a really volatile day. What did Cat's trading day look like today? Well, I woke up and Bitcoin was already -- that move already happened"	"Crypto, CL207, General"
"It jumped like 4% or something just because they're like, ""Oh, this filing looks inadequate."" It's a great reason to sell, especially if you saw the news first. If you're long and you're on leverage, you're like, no way you're holding that risk to the next few hours"	Crypto
That's just crazy to hold if you were leveraged. So it does make sense price dropped	Crypto
"And some ALTs have rallied after that move, which also kind of makes sense. ALTs have been crushed against Bitcoin in terms of their ratios"	Crypto
And that's because Bitcoin just had such a great narrative for you to just hold it. Why am I bidding this shitcoin if the legit people are trying to get an ETF going? So I was trying to bid	Crypto
"And by the time I brushed my teeth it was already up another 0.5%. I went to Cumberland and I'm like, ""What are the calls right now? How much does this cost?"" After I quoted, the price went up another 0.2%"	"Crypto, CL207"
I want to talk about your track record of trading. So I know that you've done very well at this	"CL207, General"
"And then how does that make you think about risk today, the idea of using leverage or exposing yourself to a big drawdown?First time I lost everything on whatever I deposited was BitMEX. Back then, that was where all the liquidity is and all the trading happens"	"Crypto, General"
"Why am I betting against 5 traders when I could be waiting for like 50 big traders to short before I long? And just like giving up on your position for a while, I was like, ""No, this has to go back up."" Over time, I've gotten more used to, like, ""I'm just wrong. I need to accept this and get out."" Even if price bounce later, I deserve to lose this money right now for and deciding to enter this position to not have predicted that market can be more wrong than it is"	General
"And for the people that bet against it, they think it's already extreme. I think where people get wrecked the most is they don't think how extreme markets can get"	"CL207, General"
"Selling a STRATO, you can lose everything. I have sold these contracts before"	Crypto
"I'm very cautious in validating myself. If there is even a possibility a few traders can get squeezed, that might induce more FOMO buying, that might start a whole trend, I'll just shave that position off right away"	General
I have met traders who have started with very little and made it	General
"I've noticed 2 outcomes, I would say. One is they make it and then they lose their desire to take risk because now they have something and they become really afraid"	Crypto
So it really doesn't matter so they're able to trade very freely. Do you think that you fall into either of those camps?  More the first one	General
I've never worked a job after college. I just started trading and my mom gave me a few grand to trade	General
"I lost half of that, and I was like, ""Can I have a few more grand?"" Like, come on. And then she was like, ""No."" So I was like, ""F***, I'm selling my PC to get more colateral."" So I ended up trading -- I had my laptop back up"	General
"This is another downside, though. Because I think once a trader that -- especially what I did, I spent years just in my room"	General
I was an actual typical in-sell on credit or something. I never left my room	Crypto
" That was awesome. So when you traded in the past, about losing and all, all the FTX drawdown stuff, that hurt you, but it never really brought you back down to having to truly start over"	"DeFi, General"
"I lost a lot for any normal person, but it's close to 50% of my liquid, which is -- that's a lot. I still don't have to get a job"	CL207
"So as you went through this trading growth and to get to this point, now looking back on it, was there ever a point where you felt like you're smart, you worked at a hard science, this is all just randomness? This is just noise, and you get into this analysis paralysis and you think you see stuff, but you really hallucinating, it's all like unknowable. Did you ever believe there was no edge to be found? Or are you convinced if you just kept digging hard enough, you could actually develop an edge to outtrade the market? Cat: [00:24:24] No"	General
There's always edge for people to be found. These are all not coincidences or anything because people see stuff in the market	General
"In stocks, people would see like, ""Oh, this specific time, weird buying happens and this flow comes from, I don't know where."" If it happens every day, if it were every week or some rebound, some index-related s***, I know a lot of traders have taken advantage of it until it disappeared. And then they find another weird thing that happens in the market and they're like, ""Yes, let me do this now."" And in crypto, it's more like just pure positioning"	"DeFi, General"
"Yes, I sold Bitcoin quite early on into like 2021. I sold a lot at 30 and then sold everything at like 40s and then I went to 60"	Crypto
"And it might be hard to convince the average new trader because it does seem very random, ""Dude, how can we just move 10% today, nothing caused this?"" And then if you dig deeper, it's like, ""Dude, a lot of people were short. No one had a lot of long exposures."" There was less resistance if no one is to take a profit against a move"	General
"So it's getting competitive, but there is still a lot of edge. When I think about like sources of information you're taking, I know that you're really obsessed with looking at data and flow or leverage, I also think about information sources like Twitter, which you are a huge part of CryptoTwitter and then Discords, Telegrams, private chats"	Crypto
"When you think about data, how do you think about where you get the most amount of alpha and edge from? Cat: [00:26:09] Actually, I've rarely traded off chats just because when I started, I did it all on my own. I did talk to people, which helped me shape some views"	General
"But ultimately, I think most of my trading is around my own mental model, let me think how market is positioned today. And I would just go through all the exchange, check all the buying and selling, check all the open interest moving up and down, check all the lending rates on these exchanges"	"DeFi, General"
"You might have better insights, if you get a real quant, I don't have someone like that, so I do it on my own. Now I do think a lot of people trade on narratives, which I really hate because it just induces a lot of one side of positioning and I was, dude, it's just really hard for me to buy into a position where everyone also want to position into that position"	General
And we are like racing against each other while price is teleporting against you. So I really hate narrative trading	General
"And ideally, if you do trade like these shitcoins is way more narrative-based than, I think, Bitcoin. You've got to get on these pretty early on, which I'm not going to try to act like a expert in this"	"Crypto, General"
I've never made too much money off trading all coins. My trading has always been stacking up these couple of percentage moves on Bitcoin or Ether	"Crypto, General"
"So when you're looking at the data, which I like because -- and I like the fact that you do it on your own because it really allows you to have a clear mind to think for yourself. And you see something, you see that funding rates are upsides and you really want to go long"	"Crypto, CL207"
"Do the chatter influence you or other people's opinions when, let's say, a narrative starts to pick up? Does it ever make you question your data? Or will you get even more conviction that all these narrative-following people are idiots, and I'm going to crush them by really going the opposite way because of your process? Cat: [00:28:28] There is a bit when I see a lot of bigger traders talk about the ETF, I can tell from the way they're texting each other, they are not long yet. So I'm like, all right, s**** you guys"	General
"Obviously, I respect everyone's opinion. Ultimately, I've always had this very strong belief that if you cannot build your own thesis to why you're getting into a position or you don't have your own ways of trading, then you're just copying others, it just won't go right one day"	General
You can't just copy-trade GCR only for the rest of your life. You need to know how to do it yourself	General
"Let's move to your -- switch topics and look at how trading. As I can imagine, you were doing this basically 24 hours a day, waking up trading"	General
"I'm curious, as you progress as a trader and you've built more wealth, how has your focus and your enjoyment and that risk-seeking behavior changed?  I think my first time where I got really disgusted by the volatility and swings and net worth was in 2021. I held some SNX and Alvey back then"	"DeFi, General"
"I don't usually own a lot of ALTs, they just kept going up, so they became -- let's say, it was 2% of my net worth. Now it's like, what, 15%, like, Jesus Christ"	General
"It feels really fake if you're actually always in your room. And I think it's either really good to realize this or really bad to realize this because if we were just good at trading, am I worth just to stay inside one or two years or three more years, just don't realize it's real money, you might just keep making more and more"	General
"And I realize these people save $10, $20 to do something else, or if they can walk 15 minutes, they're not going to take a cab. And then it's like, wow, I walked to save $20, why am I taking risk like significantly more? So I feel like as you go about your daily life, I think actual normal life, that's not just in your room, I think it really gives you this reality crisis about, wow, this is crazy what you're doing"	Crypto
"Let's just say it's super casual and it's almost like pajamas and I was in sandals. She didn't s*** on me for it, but later on she was like, ""You can definitely go buy some nice drip.""ù So I was like, ""Okay, okay"	DeFi
"But fashion was like you're still you, you're adding something, you're changing the vibe of how you feel, how others see you as. So I was super interested by that"	Crypto
"I wasn't always into like socials, sciences, behavior, psychology or like all that kind of stuff, but that really got me interested into it because trading is a bit of behavior and why people were changing all their profile pictures into all of this kind of thing. That was a fascinating behavior I wanted to read about, I wanted to understand it"	"DeFi, CL207, General"
"That's actually the part of trading that I like the most. The data was always like checking, but that part felt as a foundation"	General
"But I was most interested in the behavioral, the risk why people would do what they would do. And the only thing about money introducing markets to it is it made it more tangible"	"DeFi, General"
"Someone might tell you, I really believe in this, but how much do you believe in it? And if you bet me $1,000, and that's a lot of money to you, then I really know you believe in it. So that was the part that I always liked about markets"	General
"And your point is interesting because the PFP thing and people's identity, which we've talked about in the past, my profile is a Bored Ape, but it's a custom one that I had an artist do for me. And I feel very similar that making your own avatar is super cool, but it's like selling your own clothes"	CL207
It's super unique. It's super original	DeFi
"And so I think that's amazing. So when the PFP thing happened, I know people because of the bull market, we're obsessed with the prices and people have made a lot of money"	General
"What got me so excited about it was the notion that we are in a period of bias and not treating each other equally, if you have an avatar and you're on Twitter, as an example, and you're anonymous, I don't know if you're a man or a woman. I don't know the color of your skin"	CL207
But how do you think about the pros and cons of anonymity in an online age? It's a bit different for every anonymous character or person or whatever being you are in that shape or form. A story I wanted to share was we were in this chat and it was just some traders and fund managers	"CL207, General"
"where a lot of streamers live, gaming is big. In the dinner, two people ran up to the table we were eating at and they're like, ""Yo, please, let me get a picture of us.""ù And he's like, ""Sure, yes,""ù and they just take a picture and leave, no other conversation, nothing else, they just wanted a picture"	CL207
"Immediately, he was like, ""This is super cool when it first started happening, but now it's more of a hassle.""ù There's a very interesting point that I've known people that went from average like everybody else to making a lot of money and suddenly being famous or they became famous and made a lot of money. One of the things I found was like that fame is definitely something that can help you"	"Crypto, DeFi"
"It can open doors. People know you, you probably can do things and open opportunities"	"DeFi, General"
"The fascinating thing about anonymity is if you get there, you never have to give it back because you still have your own privacy. I don't feel odd talking to you"	General
"It's a cat with a smiling face and big eyes, it's easy. And I think that for other people, I don't think everybody would admit that, but talk to a person and you're reading their facial expressions, and your brain is calculating a bunch of things"	CL207
" I think having this kind of avatar, it allows me to express most of the basic emotions. The face is super complex"	DeFi
"I think the tech is getting there recently and I've seen some higher-quality, defined, really well-made ones. I can put the base setting as 1% smiley face"	DeFi
"And there's just something about it that I find fascinating about the PFPs or the anonymity that I think is a huge powerful unlock that we scraped on when NFTs came out and then we just kind of moved by it, maybe too fast, but hopefully, we'll revisit it again. Reflecting On the topic of fame, your Twitter profile is pretty huge"	Crypto
"You have got a huge fan base, including like Edward Snowden. And I just find it crazy that someone like that's responding to a cat online"	CL207
"A lot of people on Twitter has some motive. They're like, oh, I'm going to make 50 threads about how to make money, and then now I have 50,000 followers"	CL207
"But overall, I tend to think of every field having this distribution of types of people. For me, I think finance is a couple of percentages geared to like slightly more psychopaths"	"DeFi, General"
"I've never tweeted any project, even the ones I invested in, like some of them you get something out of. Like, dude, that's not what I invested in you, you in for it"	Crypto
"The point you made about finance and the psychopaths trends more towards its money, and it's driven -- it's very selfishly driven. Do you ever regret not staying in chemistry?  I've thought about a lot of that"	General
"I was talking to a friend, I won't say his name, but let's say he's in crypto and he's in traditional finance. Whenever he meets someone that had a passion outside crypto he's like, ""Dude, I hate that you got into this"	General
"You had a real passion for this. You could have built this for SpaceX, you could have helped something real.""ù I do feel that way"	Crypto
I just click a button and some money is transferred. Like did I really contribute something? Did I really help the world? I don't think I have too much power to help the world	"Crypto, CL207"
"But yes, it's a rough question. I think the fact that you've thought about it shows you're definitely not a psychopath"	DeFi
Young people ask this question all the time. People that ended up in finance are usually one of three categories	General
"The first is their parents pushed them really hard academically to get good grades, get into a good job. And this is defined as doing a good job: you went to a top school and you worked your way up"	"DeFi, Education"
"They want to make a lot of money. And that was the next kind of biggest population is I want to get rich, so I'm going to go to finance"	General
"There's a tiny group that said they were like intellectually stimulated just by the idea, but that was always small. And there was a group of psychopaths, just really love markets and love trading"	General
"And if you weren't trading bonds or stocks, you'd be trading Tic Tacs or chickens or apes. It's just into your skin that you love markets and you love trading"	General
"And the thing that would end up happening is that the kids that were pushed there by their parents, they would eventually find something else or usually -- or end up miserable. And then the people that went just for money, they would get burnt out, all that was left is this really small population"	Crypto
"And I see it in crypto, but it just feels like a younger generation of people that are going through that same process. Although there's a lot of money in finance, there's a lot of people that are generally miserable because they're chasing a weird thing"	General
"I'd say two of the things that you've written that I've loved, one was about -- we can do this one first. One was about giving your kid money to trade Fortnite skins, hoping they get robbed or deceived online and teaching them how to find the first principles information"	General
"I don't know if you have kids, Cat. I mean you joke about not having a girlfriend yet, but as a parent, I think that's actually a really interesting advice"	DeFi
"If you're good at gaming like you get paid to play games, you have so much status and respect in these wider communities. I do think that's where the world is going and that it'd just keep trending that way"	"DeFi, CL207"
I'm not going to sue someone over $100 for a League account nor can I dox them. The cost of attacking and the cost of scamming on the Internet is absolutely zero in my opinion	Crypto
"And I was just my own character because I got an artist to make this cat model for me in 3D. And Jen was like this cool anime dude with like a sword, wearing some blue fancy soldier-looking dress"	Crypto
"It was cool, and I met some friends, and then he took me to a virtual reality club. And apparently, it was super exclusive and people line up to get into that specific world because at this moment, I think the limitations of that software only allows like 60 or 50 people to get into a world at once because everyone has their own character, so they have to load all of them without lagging the hardware"	CL207
"And some of them were really good at dancing. If you go to a club, like normal club, there's a dance floor"	CL207
"Something really interested me, the second time I got in was, I recognized this person because of the avatar they're in, it's the same one, but they changed their drip. And I was like, ""Oh, what are these new logos on your shirt? Now it's blue"	Crypto
"It did give me a different vibe of him. And I was like this is meeting someone just like in real life, except they wore something else and with strong colors"	Crypto
So I started reading into this topic academically. I was so intrigued	CL207
"There's no way I felt this amount of bonding experience. When I talk to someone on text, I don't have this kind of bonding experience"	General
"If I talked to this guy in this 3D world, and I have this experience, I was just confused. So I read a bunch of papers"	CL207
"I learned something -- the academic term is presence, which means you genuinely feel someone is there was because you can tell their facial expressions, you can tell their body expressions if they're interested, if they're disinterested. And it introduces so much more"	Crypto
"People have personal space in virtual reality just as in real life. If someone walks really close to you, you feel slightly attacked of your personal space"	CL207
"You will interpret it as real, even though you know it's fake, which I thought was just the craziest idea ever because it really just means if you enter a virtual world, with all your like headset and your body tracked, you will feel shy, you will feel embarrassed. You will feel just all of that anxiety of people you don't know that may walk close up"	CL207
"I think that's something really hard to predict when it happens, but I do think it is a point where it's inevitable.  I have so many questions"	Crypto
"But I guess I'm curious, when you were talking about being in a virtual world and the research plus your own experience that if there's a knife, you feel it, physical space, you're triggering the fight or flight part of your brain. As you were talking about the dancefloor, I was thinking about the person that goes to a club and doesn't feel comfortable"	CL207
"Maybe they have a couple of drinks because they don't want to dance, so they're kind of on the outside looking in. So there's that insecurity or lack of confidence"	General
"And I was comparing that to the fact that you're in an avatar, so maybe you feel safer that it's not really you. And so that perhaps in a virtual world, either your confidence increases or you feel less insecurity"	General
"Or did you think that, that was the same as the real world? Maybe slightly less anxiety. I just remember, I really regret it not having full body tracking setup"	DeFi
"I love dancing in an actual club. And I was like, f***, these people can't see my dance moves, so that sucks"	CL207
"Cat doesn't have to spend a lot of time getting ready, you guys are immediately in your dance club and you find someone and you're interested in them. What does that do to like that crossover of real life in this new virtual world? Cat: [00:55:17] I feel like it's actually quite easy to open up to someone in that kind of world just because of this phenomenon called online disinhibition"	CL207
"Cat, I feel like I could talk to you forever. This has been an absolute blast"	Crypto
