Content	Keywords
CL got into trading because he was poor and needed to buy food.	cl, trading
He recalled they many of the competitors were liquidated quickly because of their high-risk behavior, though that was part of the fun of the competition. It started when like we just nuked like non-stop	liquidated
So, you know, that was probably why like everyone got liquidated on like day two or something. That was pretty funny. "To Strategize or Not to Strategize." Overall, my strategy was just like I thought I shouldn't be an on-chain clown	liquidated, strategy
So I had to not get liquidated. "CL mentioned he didn't rely on traditional indicators like trend lines or Fibonacci indicators when asked about his trading strategy. Rather, he focused on volume, basis, and market logic to assess trading opportunities	liquidated, strategy, market, opportunities, cl, logic, trading
CL emphasized the importance of understanding market vulnerabilities and participant behavior in a trading competition. I don't have much indicators on top of the chart, really	market, vulnerabilities, cl, trading
But I think a lot can be deduced from kind of just logic. I think volume is very important	logic
The basis is kind of important. "Risk Management and New V3 Updatesr risk management is important in any trading setting, whether it's just a single trader looking to make a profit or a competitive environment, where multiple traders want the top prize. As mentioned earlier, CL avoided liquidation throughout the competition by avoiding high leverage	liquidation, cl, trading
This led to a discussion over the absence of a stop-loss function, a feature that Matt mentioned will appear in future iterations of the protocol. Following the end of the competition, SynFutures actively sought feedback from all the Master Traders to improve the trading features on the dApp	protocol, trading
CL also adopted a proactive cut-loss strategy to avoid underwater positions and the need for traders to sharpen their skills and adapt continuously to evolving market conditions	strategy, market, cl
I think a lot of perps traders when they get really good at, like, timing local lows and local highs, something they fail to do is, like, just FOMO long or FOMO short. Or just chasing momentum really hard. 	
CL prefers trading major coins at first rather than meme coinn, though he has horted some L1 tokens in the past.	cl, trading
As it turns out, CL doesn't like cats, but after his friend sent him a cat image, he decided to add it to his profile. But even before that, his parents gave him a nickname meaning "cat "at the advice of a fortune teller	cl, cat
Years later, the name has stuck, and today CL has one of the most popular anonymous accounts on Crypto Twitter. With more than 65,000 users tuning in, the Master Session was one of our most insightful X Spaces to date	crypto, anonymous, cl, twitter
CL207, or just CL, "the mysterious cat in a hazmat suit	cl, cl207, cat
CL @CL207 monthly budget: 200$ - food, 50$ - electricity, 600$ - rent, 20$ - other, 125,000$ - unisocks	cl, cl207
CL have interest in Unisocks, the Uniswap-themed socks and Ethereum-based collectible token, and is involved in the fabled e-Girl Capital	ethereum, token, cl, uniswap
It was cool to receive the opportunity to chat with him more about his involvement in the more esoteric sides of the crypto and DeFi communities. Anyway, here's the interview	crypto, defi
Hope you enjoy it! Before we get into how you got into crypto, let's break down your name. Is there any meaning to." CL207"? Actually is supposed to be CL20 without the 7 but the username must be longer than 4 characters	crypto, cl207, cl20
CL20 is a chemical explosive, I used to be into chemical explosives, it was both an academic pursuit (studying chemistry and synthesizing powerful explosives) and recreational, the thrill of just detonating them in the forest or a desert. 	cl20, chemistry
CL mentioned many times on Twitter that you've never had a bank account, so maybe that's it? Got into crypto to make money, cus he was poor	crypto, cl, twitter
But very soon realized it's very obvious the future of finance, and I never had my bank account because I never really had another one other than the one I have as a family account my mom made. I don't spend much money, I am on my PC most of the time	finance
got attracted to trading cause It is kinda like a live high-level thinking strategy board game / video game, it is a live competition that involves emotion, discipline, reasoning and analytical skills, instincts, and so on, and I love it. I have no background in finance whatsoever. what's a bond? Idk	strategy, finance, bond, trading
but I do know stonks only go up. One thing I always remember is you tweeting that Compound was likely to see a big news event weeks before the Compound Chain announcement	stonks
It made an outlier move on a calm day, just seemed very off, and it was very 1 sided buying, and whomever it was, was buying it very aggressively, as if he really needed the tokens, I almost felt his desperation in need to obtaining COMP exposure as he was buying, so I thought the buyer had to know something.	
Was largely focuesd on bitcoin and etherium, then jumped to analyze altcoins.	bitcoin, altcoins
 I still spend the majority of time on BTC and ETH, but DeFi is legit and I am not going to want to miss out on it since I actually been a DeFi believer from very early on, and have interacted with lending/borrowing protocols and traded on dexes since I first got into crypto	crypto, defi, eth, btc
This tweet summarizes it well when it comes to defi:." Do all this, or a version of this, and tell me why this is not v1.0 of a new financial system "- Jim Bianco 	defi
I like everyone (defi on twitter). Unisock phenomenon IMO it is solidified itself as -the- piece of history of DeFi, Mainly because of these reasons: First on-chain clothing brand and item First DeFi collectible It is both digital and physical Veblen properties Enough people have been talking about it on social media that its status is irreversible 	defi, twitter, unisock
What's the realistic end-game for you and your Unisocks? What's the dream end game for you and your Unisocks? Nothing, I think it will continue to do well in the long term as long as crypto does well	crypto
Can you give a bit more context to e-Girl Capital. How'd that start? Are you guys an "actual" fund? Started as a joke, the first position we joke, which is Unisocks, was also kind of a joke, although I personally had always believed in the thesis, it was mostly written off publicly as a joke	
But now we're taking it more seriously because every investment we have done so far has gone exceptionally well. To that extent, what sets e-girl Capital apart from other traditional funds in the DeFi space? There is no hierarchy or structure, we are all friends, and it's our own money	defi
Most of us are anon, Eva Beylin is our non-anon voice. Hard to say what is the best asymmetric opportunity in crypto today, any inefficiency seems to get closed quickly because the market is running hot and everyone is rich, but compared to something like stocks, crypto is very young and it's just opportunities everywhere, one should just do what they are consistently profitable at	crypto, market, opportunities, stocks
I prefer straight up analyzing data and trading rather than reading a book, but there is nothing wrong with reading books. I would love to read more about regulating emotions and discipline, although I regard that as one of my strengths already, I almost never tilt during trading	books, read, reading, trading
I am semi-retired, I used to trade 24/7, now I spend way more time gaming, reading, than before	gaming, reading, gaming
I like to read about health, nutrition, brain, longevity, so on. Also, I like CT, it is just awesome	read
I still trade, but I'll take the bigger and more obvious ones only, I can't be bothered to be scalping 24/7 like before. I think I lost some of the thrill in the market that I used to have	market
