Content	Keywords
I have followed him since I got into crypto and, like many, have always wanted to learn more about the person behind the account. CL is actually academically trained in chemistry and had no finance background before he began trading crypto	crypto
He made no money for 2 years, but over time has evolved into an extremely thoughtful and intelligent trader. We start this conversation with one of the weirdest and most fun back stories we've ever had on the show	
We then dive deep into CL's trading journey and bring this process to life with examples. We end the conversation on a variety of topics like fashion, anonymity, virtual reality and more	
Cat is a highly original and interesting thinker. Talking to him was an absolute blast	
Please enjoy this episode with CL. A Fascinating Backstory Eric: [00:01:58:] So I'm very excited to have CL207, also known as Cat or CL, as my guest today	
For people that are listening to the audio version, I'm talking to an animated cat in a hazmat suit, and I couldn't be more excited. The world, it triggers you in really funny ways to what you're doing	
So Cat, the first question I wanted to ask was, we did as much research as we could. I followed you for as long as I've been in crypto, but I was trying to figure out where CL207 came from	crypto
And I believe CL20 is an explosive of some sort, a chemical explosive found at China Lake by the Navy in California. That's as close as I got to trying to figure it out	
And I'm not trying to dox you. But I thought a fun place to start would be, who was Cat before Cat was created? Where were you before crypto began? And then where did this idea of creating an Avatar come from? Cat: [00:02:50] Creating an Avatar is quite a common thing among streamers, who want to stream anonymously	crypto
Because a lot of them get stressed out putting out their real face because then they got to look, they got to make sure their hair is all sacked out. And if they're a girl, they put makeup, and that takes an hour for them	
So it gets quite emotionally draining to do that for hours on a daily basis. This thing started, and then it's more like fantasy	
It's cool. So just like the online world, I got this, too	
But the origin was, I believe, from 2019. Another big trader called likecrypto, you probably know him on Twitter	
He once spammed in my DM a bunch of cat pictures. And there's a few levels of story to this	
I was like, "You know what, this is what I always wanted to be for some reason." So I was like, f*** it, let me copy-paste this picture. It's my profile picture now	
It evolved over time. So COVID came and all these people were like putting on hazmat suit	
I got one, and it was yellow. I actually had, what do you call it, lab coat, that suits well on me	
I like it. I'm going to keep it forever	
So then I got an artist to draw this thing in a nicer way. And then it just kept evolving until now	
But going back to the chemical, like I used to be, let's just say, underground chemist. I don't have a degree	
I don't have a certificate. I actually failed chemistry for a bunch of reasons	
But at the same time, I do have -- I hate bragging but I would say they're quite high level writing and actually published academic journals on topics on like, yes, explosives because I love to blow things up. I was a pyromaniac as a kid, and I was always interested in these high explosives	
I was doing a lot of research into safer and more powerful explosives because it's a direction that field I was going into while I was studying it. It's commonly used in like rocket fuels and all kind of stuff	
It was just a passion of mine before crypto. So I did it throughout high school and college, wrote about it	crypto
And then one day on a forum, like an amateur chemistry forum -- and I say amateur because no one there has a real name, blowshitup85 or some s*** like that. And one day, someone DM-ed me a post I made of synthesis of like a theoretical compound that might be promising	
And he said, "This is cool. What do you do?" Just to introduce myself, I've worked at China before, and now I'm a professor at a big school in the United States	
And I told him I'm just 18 years old. I'm fresh out of high school	
And he's like, "Oh, no way. Come study under my department." And I was like, "Oh my God, this is my dream	
I can't believe this guy is legit." I end up actually going and pursuing that PhD right after undergrad. I was like, I'm full of s***	
I need to worry about what -- if I can still -- will be eating next month. Sounds like what can I do to make money? I've heard about crypto maybe a year before	crypto
I got into trading, made no money for 2 years. But I think the luckiest part throughout my journey was my mom never really pressuring me like, "Dude, son, go get a real job	
What the f*** are you doing, loser?" She's just like, "Okay, go do whatever you're doing." And after 2 years, I became consistently profitable. I found a bunch of stuff in the market	
It just always worked. It still works today	
I just trade based on positions, and a lot of people being squeezed up and down this market. Eric: [00:06:23] First of all, it sounds like you have a fantastic mom, who lets you kind of follow what you're looking for, which was pretty far ranging from chemical explosive expert to trading crypto	crypto
In the crypto market, as you entered, you said it before that you were very poor. And this is all about trying to bootstrap and make money	crypto
And it didn't work for 2 years. What gave you the conviction to stick with it? I don't think you trained in finance or you didn't work for anyone	
Were you just alone trying to figure this out? Cat: [00:06:51] Yes. So in 2018, I got in, bought some bitcoin, swapped to some shitcoin trying to make more bitcoin	bitcoin
It went okay, I didn't lose much money. I didn't make much money	
And then I was like, "This is some weak stuff. I bought bitcoin, at 3,000	bitcoin
It's now 12,000. This is like mid-2019 now	
And I'm self-employed. I bought like 1 bitcoin	bitcoin
My net worth went from like 3,000 to 12,000, and now I got to sell this stuff so I can buy some food again. So I was like, "This is not going anywhere	
Buying bitcoin, waiting for it to go up sucks. I need to actually make a lot of money	bitcoin
It has to go to $10 million in the next month. So I can keep feeding myself	
So this sucked." I logged into BitMEX. BitMEX had a terrible reputation because no one knows what they're doing	
Everyone is like, "Yes, I made a BitMEX account and I lost it all." "Yes, yes, me too." "Yes, me too." I was like, "Let me give it a try anyways." And I lost a few grand, whatever I deposited. I'm like, "Well, f***, this is hard." I had just high curiosity for why price moves one way or another	
And I just kept digging like, okay, who bought today? Why does this go up? And I just like go through all the exchanges, look at all the trade history. I kept digging why every move happened	
What's the deeper level? Why did they buy? Where did the buying happen? Can we front-run this while it's happening and gain a few bps on leverage if I see like a big consistent buying? Yes. So I kept going deeper and deeper	
And I think after a while, it just clicked where I'm like, "Well, all the trading actually happens on BitMEX back then because that's where all the volumes are, all the open interest. People are gambling $50 million, $100 million positions over if the next coin-based buyer is going to buy $1 million or so, $1 million	
So I was like, this is nuts, people are gambling a crazy amount and then later on realized, wait, the price always go against the majority. If everyone was longing for like weeks on weeks, and then it tends to just start dropping because ultimately they got to close their positions	
And vice versa, if everyone was just so bearish, you see sparse selling and then you see futures shorting and it's like, okay, more likely than not, these shorts are going to close. It might just bounce a bit	
So yes, over time, I think I just learned how it works. And honestly, the best part about trading bitcoin was that there wasn't fundamentals	bitcoin
There wasn't going to be an earnings report that's like, "Oh, it's so bad that even though everyone shorted it kept going down because the earnings suck so bad." So there was no fundamentals. And the literal fundamental was only people's positioning and just general market sentiment	
So I thought, "This is the greatest video game on Earth." So I just did that all day, every day for years. Now I would literally wake up, do this thing in my room and then pass out	
In my dreams, I'll be dreaming about charts going up and down. And then I wake up and do this again	
Years go by, and I think I got better at it over time. I think ever since I started becoming quite profitable, and I cashed out to buy some stuff, I've actually never had long-term drawdowns	
Eric: [00:09:55] It's impressive. During that period, because I've heard rumors about this with you, that some people, when they get into trading, they're super curious just like I was when I was a kid looking out like, "Oh, I bought a stock." And I remember as a kid I told my father, someone bought me a stock, and I'm like, "This is just legalized gambling for adults." And he's like, "No, no, no	
It's investing." And I ended up going down those rabbit hole and I read all these investment books and went in finance. CL's Trading Process But it was a question to me of the differences between gambling, speculation and investing	
And as I was listening to you, waking up, going to sleep dreaming about charts, the thing I've heard about you is that you didn't build quantitative systems or an algorithm. That you literally just trained yourself to be staring at charts and that your edge is something intuitive that you've built over time	
It's not like, I think, a code you're running. Is that true? Cat: [00:10:41] It's a bit of both, a bit of intuition for sure	
I think everyone that trades, they build up this intuition over time, something that's hard to describe. But the more quantitative part is just watching orders come in	
And then I try to memorize every week, every position that I've ever opened, which is maybe a bit insane. I would just stare at BitMEX	
Openings just ticks up a bit, this guy bought, he's f****** long. And then, I'll memorize that position	
I will try to imagine where he might invalidate, where he might take profit. And then I try to remember throughout the days, d***, everyone's been buying for the last 3 days, open interest is skyrocketing	
SPA haven't bought much. So this rabbit hole stays futures driven	
And let's say this happened before. I can back test	
It's not like a real back test. It's just like an intuitive back test	
Last 4 times this happened, it haven't gone very well. So let me short it more likely than not	
And I try to manage my risk. I just have a mental risk model, really	
If it goes up too much, I'll just be wrong or something like that. And I probably risk approximately this amount on this trade	
And that's it. So a lot of it is kind of intuitive in terms of risk management, where I should enter	
But there is also the quantitative part, which is how much people are paying to keep their positions open? Because in crypto there is no fundamentals, as too much buying happens in futures, too much selling happens on futures, they tend to drive the lending rates up and down. How much does it cost to borrow another $1 right now to buy more crypto? Or how much does it cost to borrow more bitcoin right now to short more bitcoins? These are very powerful information to have, and these are all public information	bitcoin, crypto
I think there's a bit of both to it. Eric: [00:12:27] Just double-clicking on that because I know that as you started kind of sharing your knowledge, you were one of the experts or people that others would look to about how futures work to the options markets	
And so you were trying to build basically a profile of buyers and sellers to understand how the market was positioned and how you want to be positioned against it. When someone puts a futures trade on, there's someone buying and there's someone selling	
So in your example, were you looking at funding rates? Everyone wants that information. But that's not always easily available	
So how did you put that together? Cat: [00:12:59] First, every long people say there's a short. In reality, people that make the market, they're not going to be degenerates and be like, "Okay, if everyone longs, I'm just going to be short against them." That is crazy	
They'll blow up some time if they just took on these directional risks. So they will try to obtain the same amount of spot against their shorts	
I think most of these firms are delta neutral. Or if they are exposed, it's kind of short or very short amount of period	
So I'm not a market maker, but I know they don't take crazy amounts of risk over like anything more than hours or days. So if you long, there is a short, yes, but that short is backed up by a real spot purchase because you bought futures, which is backed up by spot	
So the buyer has invalidation. The buyer have a liquidation level	
Or the buyer can be buying on leverage. A while ago, there was like a profile of average amount of leverage used	
5x is popular, 10x is popular. So if everyone long 10K, if you go to 9K, you can expect a lot of people to get liquidated who's on 10x	
Even if they're not on 10x, they're probably invalidating, they're just going to sell. So a lot of these is, I think, intuitive where people get invalidated	
And there's a lot of "stop loss hunting" whatever b******* terms people are trying to come up with. But they aren't real	
People can't take so much more loss after the price go against them for a certain amount of time. Eric: [00:14:25] I've heard you in the past talk about invalidation, the seasoning of a position, how long or when do people own it, like what is their price	
So an interesting way to ask this would be, you were in Japan on a vacation having a lot of fun, and you didn't check the screens for a week. If I brought you back, as Cat, I want to get a pulse of what's going on in the market, where would you start putting that picture back together if you haven't seen it for a while? Cat: [00:14:50] I try to not just straight up trade unless it's somewhat stupidly obvious, but that's kind of rare	
But I would first look at price of everything and then be like, "Okay, cool." Maybe the biggest cast like Bitcoin and Solana, stuff like that. And then I would pull up Binance Futures, Bybit, maybe OKX	bitcoin
These are some of the biggest venues right now. I would say most price are driven by these 3 venues for spot, definitely also coin-based	
So I was trying to go back, see, look at these trading. And sometimes it's not as simple as just how much buying, how much selling because the buying can be heading in the form of a bid	
And then on the trade history, it would show up as a sell just because they kept chasing a bid. So it takes a while to go through all of that, be like, "Okay, that was actually a bid even though people were selling nonstop on coin base but that was just bids chasing and refilling and chasing." So kind of go through all of that and then go in futures as lending rate jacked up, what may people go along? What maybe people go short lately? Was is it, like some kind of narrative? Or is Bitcoin getting banned for the 10th time	bitcoin
Or is it like BlackRock falling. Just look at a bit of everything, get an idea	
Eric: [00:16:00] Yes. So we had it today	
So right before we started to talk, the Wall Street Journal published a headline, which is a very weird headline that the SEC said BlackRock and Fidelity ETFs might have had inadequate information. The funny thing about that is -- and I posted this on Twitter, if you read it, which I have never seen this happen before, so maybe I missed this	
But it was kind of giving an answer to the test which said they wanted them to declare where they were going to trade. So I don't think it was as negative as the market thought, but the market moves rapidly	
And something like that, we had a delay for you to do some trading. Does that get your attention? And then a follow-up to that is like what is your average holding period? Is it you're in and out in a couple of minutes, hours, days, weeks, months? Cat: [00:16:44] Honestly, if you're trading futures, no one do month	
If you do month, chances are prices have gotten up and you haven't taken profit and then gone against you to the point that you had to close. A month in crypto is crazy	crypto
I would say the average position holding for the average trader is days, weeks, which is why this market is so crazy. I believe it's similar in stocks in the analogy that people buy for a short-term or midterm gain	
They don't think in decades. Unless it's some retirement dude that's just like, yes, I'm just going to buy Apple for the next 10 years	
There is that kind of people in crypto, but their flows are not strong enough to be pushing price up 5% up and down each other days. These are all short-term traders, probably on leverage, probably spending a lot of premiums on options	crypto
Just gambling on these stuff. Maybe they're gambling, maybe they're like somewhat informed	
I like to think they're not super-informed, which is why I'm also pretty short-term. Where most of the action happens and where most of my money was made just somewhat pretty short-term days, hours, something like that, yes	
Eric: [00:17:48] So walk us through today, to the extent you can share, it's a really volatile day. What did Cat's trading day look like today? Cat: [00:17:55] Well, I woke up and Bitcoin was already -- that move already happened	bitcoin
It jumped like 4% or something just because they're like, "Oh, this filing looks inadequate." It's a great reason to sell, especially if you saw the news first. If you're long and you're on leverage, you're like, no way you're holding that risk to the next few hours	
That's just crazy to hold if you were leveraged. So it does make sense price dropped	
And some ALTs have rallied after that move, which also kind of makes sense. ALTs have been crushed against Bitcoin in terms of their ratios	bitcoin
And that's because Bitcoin just had such a great narrative for you to just hold it. Why am I bidding this shitcoin if the legit people are trying to get an ETF going? So I was trying to bid	bitcoin
And by the time I brushed my teeth it was already up another 0.5%. I went to Cumberland and I'm like, "What are the calls right now? How much does this cost?" After I quoted, the price went up another 0.2%	
I'm like, "Dude, this is a crazy day." I kind of just gave up buying calls and I bought a bit of PERPs and called it a day. That was today	
CL's Evolution as a Trader Eric: [00:18:58] I want to talk about your track record of trading. So I know that you've done very well at this	
But from following you, it seems like there were times you started with nothing and then you got to extreme levels of wealth and then maybe it was FTX or other situations that you lost a lot of it and you've built it back up over time. I'm curious what you've learned from those ups and downs	
And then how does that make you think about risk today, the idea of using leverage or exposing yourself to a big drawdown? Cat: [00:19:25] First time I lost everything on whatever I deposited was BitMEX. Back then, that was where all the liquidity is and all the trading happens	
So I think in 2018, '19, I've deposited like $2,000. I would do quite well and then just lose it all again back to $2,000	
And that's happened like 5 times. And I'm like, "Jesus Christ, maybe I'll never make it." And I noticed some time I just take position randomly	
I'm impatient. Or that kind of stuff, I'm betting on some data point that's so trivial	
Why am I betting against 5 traders when I could be waiting for like 50 big traders to short before I long? And just like giving up on your position for a while, I was like, "No, this has to go back up." Over time, I've gotten more used to, like, "I'm just wrong. I need to accept this and get out." Even if price bounce later, I deserve to lose this money right now for and deciding to enter this position to not have predicted that market can be more wrong than it is	
Because that happens a lot because especially in 2021. I would say a good amount of even retail investors where we were in a bubble, right? It was just the great, I can get another x10 buying some low-cap shitcoin or low-cap stock or Nokia can squeeze again	
Like come on. AMC can squeeze again	
A lot of these people just wish some bubble lasts long. They try to wish some extremes, go more extreme	
And for the people that bet against it, they think it's already extreme. I think where people get wrecked the most is they don't think how extreme markets can get	
That can really hurt like someone in size. I've been giving up my positions if there is this possibility it can go extremely against me	
I try to never take a position where I might just lose it all. For a while, there's this contract on FTX called MOVE, which is basically like selling a STRATO	
Selling a STRATO, you can lose everything. I have sold these contracts before	
I'm very cautious in validating myself. If there is even a possibility a few traders can get squeezed, that might induce more FOMO buying, that might start a whole trend, I'll just shave that position off right away	
Very often, I try to never sell options. The power of trends and this herd mentality, it can go very far	
And you can get really wrecked on betting against these. Eric: [00:21:42] I have met traders who have started with very little and made it	
I've noticed 2 outcomes, I would say. One is they make it and then they lose their desire to take risk because now they have something and they become really afraid	
They're driven by the fear of the loss because they've worked so hard to get to that point. And there's another side, which is, well, I never had this money anyway	
So it really doesn't matter so they're able to trade very freely. Do you think that you fall into either of those camps? Cat: [00:22:09] More the first one	
I've never worked a job after college. I just started trading and my mom gave me a few grand to trade	
I lost half of that, and I was like, "Can I have a few more grand?" Like, come on. And then she was like, "No." So I was like, "F***, I'm selling my PC to get more colateral." So I ended up trading -- I had my laptop back up	
But yes, so after I did all of that, I cannot imagine losing everything. Then I have to get a job like, "Are you serious?" I'm not getting a job	
This is another downside, though. Because I think once a trader that -- especially what I did, I spent years just in my room	
I was an actual typical in-sell on credit or something. I never left my room	
I don't talk to women. I didn't talk to anyone	
I was just like, this is my world. I'm doing this all day, every day	
I made some amount that's not bad. I started going out	
I socialized. I went to parties	
I flew around. I traveled the word	
And I'm like, "I don't want to lose this anymore." Sometimes I think about it, and I'm like, if I kept doing it, I would have been significantly more wealthy than today. But on the other hand, will I regret it if by the time I'm 40 this is all I did? I didn't do anything with my money	
Why do I even have this? I can't tell what I'll feel in the future. At the moment, yes, you appreciate that I have the freedom to kind of do whatever I want	
Eric: [00:23:30] That was awesome. So when you traded in the past, about losing and all, all the FTX drawdown stuff, that hurt you, but it never really brought you back down to having to truly start over	
Cat: [00:23:40] I lost a lot for any normal person, but it's close to 50% of my liquid, which is -- that's a lot. I still don't have to get a job	
So I'm still very lucky for that. Eric: [00:23:52] You have the freedom to decide what you want to do and where you want to work, which is pretty special	
So as you went through this trading growth and to get to this point, now looking back on it, was there ever a point where you felt like you're smart, you worked at a hard science, this is all just randomness? This is just noise, and you get into this analysis paralysis and you think you see stuff, but you really hallucinating, it's all like unknowable. Did you ever believe there was no edge to be found? Or are you convinced if you just kept digging hard enough, you could actually develop an edge to outtrade the market? Cat: [00:24:24] No	
There's always edge for people to be found. These are all not coincidences or anything because people see stuff in the market	
In stocks, people would see like, "Oh, this specific time, weird buying happens and this flow comes from, I don't know where." If it happens every day, if it were every week or some rebound, some index-related s***, I know a lot of traders have taken advantage of it until it disappeared. And then they find another weird thing that happens in the market and they're like, "Yes, let me do this now." And in crypto, it's more like just pure positioning	crypto
Yes, I sold Bitcoin quite early on into like 2021. I sold a lot at 30 and then sold everything at like 40s and then I went to 60	bitcoin
Everyone that's profitable knows. They just know that this edge exists	
And it might be hard to convince the average new trader because it does seem very random, "Dude, how can we just move 10% today, nothing caused this?" And then if you dig deeper, it's like, "Dude, a lot of people were short. No one had a lot of long exposures." There was less resistance if no one is to take a profit against a move	
But if it was shorter, then a lot of forced buying happen into these invalidation levels. So these are all real	
It's hard because a lot of smart people are on this. There's no better incentive than getting smart people and then just making a hell of money	
So it's getting competitive, but there is still a lot of edge. Eric: [00:25:48] When I think about like sources of information you're taking, I know that you're really obsessed with looking at data and flow or leverage, I also think about information sources like Twitter, which you are a huge part of CryptoTwitter and then Discords, Telegrams, private chats	
When you think about data, how do you think about where you get the most amount of alpha and edge from? Cat: [00:26:09] Actually, I've rarely traded off chats just because when I started, I did it all on my own. I did talk to people, which helped me shape some views	
But ultimately, I think most of my trading is around my own mental model, let me think how market is positioned today. And I would just go through all the exchange, check all the buying and selling, check all the open interest moving up and down, check all the lending rates on these exchanges	
And that just gives me a view that I don't need someone to tell me. It's not like rocket science	
You might have better insights, if you get a real quant, I don't have someone like that, so I do it on my own. Now I do think a lot of people trade on narratives, which I really hate because it just induces a lot of one side of positioning and I was, dude, it's just really hard for me to buy into a position where everyone also want to position into that position	
And then it's just like, dude, it's just so risky. One bad thing happens, and all these people have to fold	
And we are like racing against each other while price is teleporting against you. So I really hate narrative trading	
And ideally, if you do trade like these shitcoins is way more narrative-based than, I think, Bitcoin. You've got to get on these pretty early on, which I'm not going to try to act like a expert in this	bitcoin
I've never made too much money off trading all coins. My trading has always been stacking up these couple of percentage moves on Bitcoin or Ether	bitcoin
Eric: [00:27:36] So when you're looking at the data, which I like because -- and I like the fact that you do it on your own because it really allows you to have a clear mind to think for yourself. And you see something, you see that funding rates are upsides and you really want to go long	
Do the chatter influence you or other people's opinions when, let's say, a narrative starts to pick up? Does it ever make you question your data? Or will you get even more conviction that all these narrative-following people are idiots, and I'm going to crush them by really going the opposite way because of your process? Cat: [00:28:28] There is a bit when I see a lot of bigger traders talk about the ETF, I can tell from the way they're texting each other, they are not long yet. So I'm like, all right, s**** you guys	
I'm buying some calls for now. I don't think it really impacts my decision significantly	
Obviously, I respect everyone's opinion. Ultimately, I've always had this very strong belief that if you cannot build your own thesis to why you're getting into a position or you don't have your own ways of trading, then you're just copying others, it just won't go right one day	
You can't just copy-trade GCR only for the rest of your life. You need to know how to do it yourself	
Eric: [00:28:46] It deeply resonates. It’s the best advice I ever got from an animated cat that you should think for yourself, so I appreciate that	
Let's move to your -- switch topics and look at how trading. As I can imagine, you were doing this basically 24 hours a day, waking up trading	
I know that a lot of people feel an adrenaline rush from it, there's the thrill, there's the money, there's the prospects of what you could do. But what are other things in your life? You talk sometimes about food, about shopping, about travel	
I'm curious, as you progress as a trader and you've built more wealth, how has your focus and your enjoyment and that risk-seeking behavior changed? Cat: [00:29:21] I think my first time where I got really disgusted by the volatility and swings and net worth was in 2021. I held some SNX and Alvey back then	
I don't usually own a lot of ALTs, they just kept going up, so they became -- let's say, it was 2% of my net worth. Now it's like, what, 15%, like, Jesus Christ	
Now I wake up and say, ah, I'm up a Lambo. That's a good start	
After I finish breakfast, I was down two Lambos, and I'm like, dude, what the hell, this is crazy. That morning, I was just like, this is disgusting	
I hate that I'm thinking in this way. And it was because I started going out and I realized this is a lot of money, like because I had no concept of money, no concept of spending	
It feels really fake if you're actually always in your room. And I think it's either really good to realize this or really bad to realize this because if we were just good at trading, am I worth just to stay inside one or two years or three more years, just don't realize it's real money, you might just keep making more and more	
Once you do realize you can do a lot with this money, then I feel like your risk appetite really changes. And I got into like other hobbies	
I think fashion is awesome. Some art stuff is really cool	
So I follow these. I hang out with different kinds of people	
And I realize these people save $10, $20 to do something else, or if they can walk 15 minutes, they're not going to take a cab. And then it's like, wow, I walked to save $20, why am I taking risk like significantly more? So I feel like as you go about your daily life, I think actual normal life, that's not just in your room, I think it really gives you this reality crisis about, wow, this is crazy what you're doing	
On Fashion and Anonymity Eric: [00:31:08] You're very passionate about fashion. What is it about that, that got your attention? You're kind of talking about being so focused, 24 hours in your bedroom, how did the world open up to you in that way? And what is it about fashion that has got your interest? Cat: [00:31:23] Tried to go date some girls, and then the problem was the first time I meet this girl, and I can't describe what I was wearing	
Let's just say it's super casual and it's almost like pajamas and I was in sandals. She didn't s*** on me for it, but later on she was like, “You can definitely go buy some nice drip.” So I was like, “Okay, okay	
It may be an embarrassment to walk next to you wearing this s***. So let me go buy some stuff.” I actually spent a long time, like actually every few days of the week, I walk around random stores browsing	
I always had a strong intrigue into just buying weird stuff and identity because I do think what you wear makes you feel one way or another. I was super interested by that	
NFTs were booming. People were changing their profile pictures into all that weird stuff and they're like, “Oh, this is me now.” And I'm like, “Ugh, I don't like this.” I wish people were original characters, just be themselves	
And if you want to add additions to your things, that's awesome. I slightly dislike the profile picture NFT trend, but not too against it	nft
Whatever, you can do whatever you want. Not everyone is super creative, they make up some weird character for themselves	
But fashion was like you're still you, you're adding something, you're changing the vibe of how you feel, how others see you as. So I was super interested by that	
I wasn't always into like socials, sciences, behavior, psychology or like all that kind of stuff, but that really got me interested into it because trading is a bit of behavior and why people were changing all their profile pictures into all of this kind of thing. That was a fascinating behavior I wanted to read about, I wanted to understand it	
So it's not directly related, but I do think there is some overlap in psychology of how you want to be shown to others. Eric: [00:33:15] I 100% agree	
That's actually the part of trading that I like the most. The data was always like checking, but that part felt as a foundation	
But I was most interested in the behavioral, the risk why people would do what they would do. And the only thing about money introducing markets to it is it made it more tangible	
Someone might tell you, I really believe in this, but how much do you believe in it? And if you bet me $1,000, and that's a lot of money to you, then I really know you believe in it. So that was the part that I always liked about markets	
And your point is interesting because the PFP thing and people's identity, which we've talked about in the past, my profile is a Bored Ape, but it's a custom one that I had an artist do for me. And I feel very similar that making your own avatar is super cool, but it's like selling your own clothes	
It's super unique. It's super original	
But going to Gucci, you can feel individual, but Gucci sells that outfit, or Vuitton, to everyone, but people have the feeling of individuality that they're showing stuff. And this is me	
And so I think that's amazing. So when the PFP thing happened, I know people because of the bull market, we're obsessed with the prices and people have made a lot of money	
What got me so excited about it was the notion that we are in a period of bias and not treating each other equally, if you have an avatar and you're on Twitter, as an example, and you're anonymous, I don't know if you're a man or a woman. I don't know the color of your skin	
I don't know your sexual orientation. I don't know your religion	
All I know is your thoughts. And I think that is awesome and fascinating that I could be like, I really like following this cat or this wolf or this ape or whatever	
And I know people thought it was so silly and ridiculous, and there are parts of it, but I was kind of bummed that we lost that. And it was funny because this week, dusted that up again	
So what's your take on the anonymity piece? Obviously, you've done this for a long time. I could imagine it's tough that you might go somewhere and I won't know it's you	
But how do you think about the pros and cons of anonymity in an online age? Cat: [00:35:14] It's a bit different for every anonymous character or person or whatever being you are in that shape or form. A story I wanted to share was we were in this chat and it was just some traders and fund managers	
And then this girl was talking about age, and I asked her like, “Oh, how old are you?” And then two people from the group messaged me, they're like, “Dude, you're not supposed to ask a girl her age.” It's so funny that it works because you’re a cat and it's not rude anymore. And I'm like, “What? I didn't know that was rude	
Sorry.” And I thought it was hilarious that it was more okay for me to ask than someone who had a real picture of themselves to ask that question. But going back, yes, there's a lot of freedom in what I can say	
And I don't feel like when I go out, people would be like, “Holy s***, it’s this dude,” just because everyone knows them by their face. I don't get that treatment	
And if they do know me, I may get a bit of a treatment where it's like they might be nicer to me. They might be like more enthusiastic to meet me	
I once had a dinner with a big gamer, who's also a big streamer called Scarra. We were in L.A	
where a lot of streamers live, gaming is big. In the dinner, two people ran up to the table we were eating at and they’re like, “Yo, please, let me get a picture of us.” And he's like, “Sure, yes,” and they just take a picture and leave, no other conversation, nothing else, they just wanted a picture	
Immediately, he was like, “This is super cool when it first started happening, but now it's more of a hassle.” Eric: [00:36:45] There's a very interesting point that I've known people that went from average like everybody else to making a lot of money and suddenly being famous or they became famous and made a lot of money. One of the things I found was like that fame is definitely something that can help you	
It can open doors. People know you, you probably can do things and open opportunities	
But then there is a point where maybe you get whatever you're after and now you don't want it anymore and you want to turn it off. But the problem was it was the fuel that got you there in the first place	
The fascinating thing about anonymity is if you get there, you never have to give it back because you still have your own privacy. I don't feel odd talking to you	
It's a cat with a smiling face and big eyes, it's easy. And I think that for other people, I don't think everybody would admit that, but talk to a person and you're reading their facial expressions, and your brain is calculating a bunch of things	
Now maybe not everyone does this, but is this person interested? Are they bored? Are they looking at their watch? Do they want to go somewhere? Right now, for the past however time we've been recording, you've been smiling at me with these big cat eyes in a very kind way. It's weird, but it's not as hard or stressful as analyzing all the microexpressions on another human’s face and trying to react to it	
Cat: [00:37:59] I think having this kind of avatar, it allows me to express most of the basic emotions. The face is super complex	
You notice a lot of things, like you can tell if someone’s disinterested and I should really call it. But yes, I think it allows me to at least express most basic emotions and maybe a better microexpression, but I don't think my avatar is refined enough for every microexpression, which I would love to have that made	
I think the tech is getting there recently and I’ve seen some higher-quality, defined, really well-made ones. I can put the base setting as 1% smiley face	
It always appear more smiley. That's just like another freedom	
You can change a bit of how you look, change small parameters and all that kind of stuff. So I think it's really free and it's nice	
I don't have to like make my hair, make sure I look good on this interview. I don't have to be stressed	
Eric: [00:38:56] Well, yes, there's this idea of people are always putting on masks when they're talking to people and they're presenting, metaphorically, they're presenting -- if you wanted to go to a job interview, you might put a suit on or if you were going on a date, you might try to dress in a certain way, the physical appearance, but then there's also the type of person you are. You really want to impress the person in a certain way	
And there's just something about it that I find fascinating about the PFPs or the anonymity that I think is a huge powerful unlock that we scraped on when NFTs came out and then we just kind of moved by it, maybe too fast, but hopefully, we'll revisit it again. Reflecting On the topic of fame, your Twitter profile is pretty huge	
You have got a huge fan base, including like Edward Snowden. And I just find it crazy that someone like that's responding to a cat online	
So how did the whole Twitter thing grow? How did you become talking with Snowden? Like how did this all happen? Cat: [00:39:47] Yes. I don't know how much I can share with Snowden, but I think I've been always genuine	
A lot of people on Twitter has some motive. They're like, oh, I'm going to make 50 threads about how to make money, and then now I have 50,000 followers	
Now I can get this affiliate shelling, just kind of collab with some weird project and they're going to pay me a big bank, $50,000 for me to talk about their project for two weeks. So I think there is a lot of people like that and there's a lot of genuine people	
But overall, I tend to think of every field having this distribution of types of people. For me, I think finance is a couple of percentages geared to like slightly more psychopaths	
But you always have this distribution. There's nice people	
There's bad people. There's people that are not scamming at all, but they are extractive or they are just like normal people	
I’ve never tweeted any project, even the ones I invested in, like some of them you get something out of. Like, dude, that's not what I invested in you, you in for it	
Hate that kind of stuff. So maybe that's why he once reached out to me and we had this conversation once, with Snowden	
He is pretty fascinating. And I was surprised that he follows crypto Twitter	crypto
He first talked to like ZachXBT in his replies and then he was talking to me. And then that actually happened right after FTX too	
Really brightened me up a bit. I was like, wow, there's actually people that cares about people here	
So that was kind of fascinating and interesting. And I don't know, like very honored and thankful that there's even an audience outside that cares about us	
Eric: [00:41:24] I think that was a question I asked when I saw it, I was like, this is crazy to me that such a big geopolitical figure is following crypto Twitter to the extent that you ended up in this niche of a niche and it's not just the same people talking to each other. Sometimes it feels quite small	crypto
The point you made about finance and the psychopaths trends more towards its money, and it's driven -- it's very selfishly driven. Do you ever regret not staying in chemistry? Cat: [00:41:51] I've thought about a lot of that	
I was talking to a friend, I won't say his name, but let's say he's in crypto and he's in traditional finance. Whenever he meets someone that had a passion outside crypto he's like, “Dude, I hate that you got into this	crypto
I hate it. I hate it so much	
You had a real passion for this. You could have built this for SpaceX, you could have helped something real.” I do feel that way	
What are we even doing? Like what’s my contribution to society? And I think about it, I'm like, “Who's my counterparty?” Some of them were probably broke. It's really a disturbing question to think about	
I’ve tried donating some money to less fortunate or like just people who are passionate about some hobby that doesn't really make much money. In the end, that's not much effort	
I just click a button and some money is transferred. Like did I really contribute something? Did I really help the world? I don't think I have too much power to help the world	
I'm not that wealthy at all. Honestly, I can't do too much	
I've considered if I should go back and pursue like my older interest. I still love all that chemistry stuff	
But yes, it's a rough question. Eric: [00:42:57] I think the fact that you've thought about it shows you're definitely not a psychopath	
Young people ask this question all the time. People that ended up in finance are usually one of three categories	
The first is their parents pushed them really hard academically to get good grades, get into a good job. And this is defined as doing a good job: you went to a top school and you worked your way up	
And so that was like 30% to 40%. And then another group joined because they just want to get rich	
They want to make a lot of money. And that was the next kind of biggest population is I want to get rich, so I'm going to go to finance	
There’s a tiny group that said they were like intellectually stimulated just by the idea, but that was always small. And there was a group of psychopaths, just really love markets and love trading	
And if you weren't trading bonds or stocks, you'd be trading Tic Tacs or chickens or apes. It's just into your skin that you love markets and you love trading	
And the thing that would end up happening is that the kids that were pushed there by their parents, they would eventually find something else or usually -- or end up miserable. And then the people that went just for money, they would get burnt out, all that was left is this really small population	
And I see it in crypto, but it just feels like a younger generation of people that are going through that same process. Although there's a lot of money in finance, there's a lot of people that are generally miserable because they're chasing a weird thing	crypto
And then once they get it, they have this deep reflection of like, that was what I was chasing the whole time? And so I don't think it's uncommon. I think that every person, or many the people that are in my life, have always asked that question	
Am I just pushing numbers around? Is this really my contribution? This is what I'm going to do? Cat: [00:44:32] Yes. Eric: [00:44:33] That's not uncommon	
Cat: [00:44:33] I think I've had a lot of questions over what the heck am I doing, really. Yes	
AR/VR Eric: [00:44:38] That's a good thing. I think that means you're growing as a person, personally	
The topic of the Vision Pro goggles, so everyone's talking about AI and now the virtual artificial reality goggles. I think some of the stuff you've written on it has been great	
I'd say two of the things that you've written that I've loved, one was about -- we can do this one first. One was about giving your kid money to trade Fortnite skins, hoping they get robbed or deceived online and teaching them how to find the first principles information	
I don't know if you have kids, Cat. I mean you joke about not having a girlfriend yet, but as a parent, I think that's actually a really interesting advice	
Where did that come from? Cat: [00:45:14] I don't know. I just made it up	
Why not? They are going to have to be interacting with money-related things at some point. And it's like, dude, so much economy is online now	
I feel like you speak cringe if you're like making some videos on YouTube, like you’re just some nerd 10 years ago. But now if you get some views on YouTube, you get respect	
If you’re good at gaming like you get paid to play games, you have so much status and respect in these wider communities. I do think that's where the world is going and that it’d just keep trending that way	
I think it's really terrible if you restricted your kids into this world. They're going to have to learn the hard way later on, one way or another	
And I mentioned that skin example because I tried to buy skins one day, and I got scammed. I was buying some League accounts	
I just moved to a new region, I’m like, I can't be bothered getting a new account ranking up to 30, and then finally being able to just play normal games. That takes a long time	
So I was buying a bunch of platinum accounts. That was my rank in the other service	
I got scammed and I hated this dude, what a terrible person, but like obviously, how much does it cost for him to set up a scam online? There's no cost. Was there really any repercussion? Come on, let's be real	
I'm not going to sue someone over $100 for a League account nor can I dox them. The cost of attacking and the cost of scamming on the Internet is absolutely zero in my opinion	
And the only time you really are in trouble is you did it to a scale or like you did it to a point it got viral, so viral that they have to deal with that. Otherwise, it's like a societal problem	
So the cost of scamming is pretty low. So I really think people should get used to that and just go through this process	
I think getting scammed for $100, it's not a big lesson. Ever since I've tried to like think about, is this dude legit? Is the forum entirely legit at all? It's a good learning process for just everyone to go through, especially if you're going to be dealing on any money on the Internet	
Eric: [00:47:10] The Vision Pro, you did become obsessed, you're extremely bullish on virtual reality, and I get the sense that you think people may be missing the point or not understanding how much of a big deal this is. What about it has you so excited? Cat: [00:47:24] I've always been intrigued by VR for many years now, but I always saw it as like a very, very long-term trend	
I don't know when it's going to take off. Apple have a good chance	
From what I learned, their first year, they're only going to sell 400,000 headsets because their manufacturer, Sony, doesn't have the capacity to produce a very important part of the headset. But I do believe in the bigger-picture trend	
But what really, really convinced me was VR chat. So my friend who's been into VR for a decade now, he's like, “Come, check it out.” His name is Jen	
So Jen took me into VR chat, and I was like, “This is crazy. Everyone has their own avatar.” Most of them are original characters, it's just how they wanted themselves to be seen online in this world to others	
And they're all kind of different. A lot of them are anime dudes and anime girls	
And I was just my own character because I got an artist to make this cat model for me in 3D. And Jen was like this cool anime dude with like a sword, wearing some blue fancy soldier-looking dress	
And I was like, okay, he takes me around. He shows me this world	
It was cool, and I met some friends, and then he took me to a virtual reality club. And apparently, it was super exclusive and people line up to get into that specific world because at this moment, I think the limitations of that software only allows like 60 or 50 people to get into a world at once because everyone has their own character, so they have to load all of them without lagging the hardware	
So I got in, thanks fully to Jen because he's been an OG there. And all these people were in full body tracking suits and I can see them dancing	
I can see exactly how much they're enjoying the music. I can see exactly their movements	
And some of them were really good at dancing. If you go to a club, like normal club, there's a dance floor	
And you just know these dudes are like good at dancing. They have a beer in their hand	
They don't have a beer in their hand in VR, but he told me a lot of these people are actually intoxicated and they got an actual DJ. So I was just like this is crazy	
I can feel the actual vibe through the body. I can see, okay, these people didn't like the song	
They're not moving as much now. But like in that group, they love this long, they are vibing	
And I'm like, this is insane that I can feel the amount of energy, I can feel their presence just next to me. I was so intrigued by that	
Something really interested me, the second time I got in was, I recognized this person because of the avatar they're in, it's the same one, but they changed their drip. And I was like, "Oh, what are these new logos on your shirt? Now it's blue	
It was just like black and white, what's this about?” And he tells me this backstory about like these logos you have on now, like how he got this artist to make this for him, and I was like, “Yo, this is crazy. You're changing your drip in virtual reality because you just felt like you want a new look?” And he's just so happy and passionate when talking to me about it	
It did give me a different vibe of him. And I was like this is meeting someone just like in real life, except they wore something else and with strong colors	
So I started reading into this topic academically. I was so intrigued	
There’s no way I felt this amount of bonding experience. When I talk to someone on text, I don't have this kind of bonding experience	
If I talked to this guy in this 3D world, and I have this experience, I was just confused. So I read a bunch of papers	
I learned something -- the academic term is presence, which means you genuinely feel someone is there was because you can tell their facial expressions, you can tell their body expressions if they're interested, if they're disinterested. And it introduces so much more	
People have personal space in virtual reality just as in real life. If someone walks really close to you, you feel slightly attacked of your personal space	
And if you hang out with someone in virtual reality, you generally have a sense of social fulfillment, which is not like texting someone online. So a lot of these were just like real, and I was like wondering why	
And there's all these other studies. If you see a sharp object in VR, your heart rate tends to go up, just like seeing a sharp object in front of you in real life	
And I was like, yo, this is crazy. Apparently, how the brain works as long as the input seems realistic and there's depth, and it doesn't have to even be like realism graphics like 4K and all the super real shaders and lightings	
It doesn't have to be as real as with the real world. As long as it's just enough, the bar is pretty low	
You will interpret it as real, even though you know it’s fake, which I thought was just the craziest idea ever because it really just means if you enter a virtual world, with all your like headset and your body tracked, you will feel shy, you will feel embarrassed. You will feel just all of that anxiety of people you don't know that may walk close up	
Everything is almost one-to-one replicated. But the power of VR is you can manipulate the environment	
So I had a therapist in eGirl Capital’s Discord chat that we hired. If anyone wants to consult you, we pay that	
So we offer this free service for about a year or two. And he was really into VR	
So it was like, if you have a VR headset, we can do this in VR, and he would manipulate the environment to be a more peaceful environment. And then because they're behind avatars, they tend to talk about things more openly and there's less of anxiety about knowing the real person	
And so the sessions apparently, according to him, went really well. And I was just mind-blown by all of that, like dude, we can be in the room sipping tea	
And then in the Apple Vision goggles, we can be in the Himalayas, we don't even have to travel. We don't have to buy a car to get out to go somewhere to actually feel like you're outside	
You don't have to buy a car, you don't have to fly there. You don't have to even make yourself look really well	
Girls don't need to put on makeup to look good. You can just change your avatar up a bit	
You don't have to go to gym to look buff, you can just manipulate the image. You don't have to like dress up well, you can just get some artists to do it for you	
So all of that is just insanity to me that this is how it works. So I think a lot of industries will be replaced by this virtual one, maybe a decade into the future or maybe two decades	
This is a massive trend we're talking about because we're talking about a lot of online people moving into a whole new virtual world. This is a big societal change	
I think that's something really hard to predict when it happens, but I do think it is a point where it's inevitable. Eric: [00:54:01] I have so many questions	
But I guess I'm curious, when you were talking about being in a virtual world and the research plus your own experience that if there's a knife, you feel it, physical space, you're triggering the fight or flight part of your brain. As you were talking about the dancefloor, I was thinking about the person that goes to a club and doesn't feel comfortable	
Maybe they have a couple of drinks because they don't want to dance, so they're kind of on the outside looking in. So there's that insecurity or lack of confidence	
And I was comparing that to the fact that you're in an avatar, so maybe you feel safer that it's not really you. And so that perhaps in a virtual world, either your confidence increases or you feel less insecurity	
Or did you think that, that was the same as the real world? Cat: [00:54:41] Maybe slightly less anxiety. I just remember, I really regret it not having full body tracking setup	
I love dancing in an actual club. And I was like, f***, these people can't see my dance moves, so that sucks	
I wish I can like be part of the energy that was going on. Eric: [00:54:59] The belief that it will change	
So you've thought about those more than most people. You don't have to go to the gym to get buff, and Mrs	
Cat doesn't have to spend a lot of time getting ready, you guys are immediately in your dance club and you find someone and you're interested in them. What does that do to like that crossover of real life in this new virtual world? Cat: [00:55:17] I feel like it's actually quite easy to open up to someone in that kind of world just because of this phenomenon called online disinhibition	
Although it's a stronger effect if you're talking to someone text to text, like they literally don't know who you are, people tend to be way more open on text. When you go to the darker side of the Internet, there's a lot of toxicity, there's a lot of racism, there's a lot of really bad things being said	
You know very well if you met them in real life, they literally cannot say that to you. So I think there is some level of anxiety where people aren't just going to be like this country sucks, oh, your people sucks	
I think there is a bit of barrier. But then on a personal level, there's still a lot of freedom	
If you go to YouTube and view VRCHAT STORIES, you see people meeting each other. And someone tells a crazy story and they upload it online, the very famous YouTube series of two, three episodes of a Korean chicken	
So he is a chicken in this virtual reality and he talks about his experience when he had to do military service and what it was all like and how much struggle he had when he came out and reentered the society and then going overseas to study abroad in California. And he talks about the story, he seems so free to talk about all of that	
They literally just met and you're talking about your worst insecurities. He mentioned about father passing away, like no shot, someone like that, just like meet up with someone and just have this whole conversations	
I thought that was a very interesting phenomenon. Eric: [00:56:47] That's fascinating	
Cat, I feel like I could talk to you forever. This has been an absolute blast	
Thank you for coming on the show. We’ll have you again sometime	
