Every one of us must do what's in their power! If we're going to die anyway, then it's better to die fighting than to do nothing!
The things that are most important aren't written in books. You have to learn them by experiencing them yourself.
It's always like this. The only things I can ever do for Naruto are the little things anyone could do...
Naruto's here because he's made up his mind. My resolve is nothing compared to his now! I'm supposed to be a ninja, but all I've ever done is lean on him and cry... I was supposed to change that... I came here and I thought I was ready. But I can't do anything... I can't say anything. The only thing that remains for me...is to believe in them!
I'm the one who made Naruto suffer the most... I've just been getting it wrong. Just been messing it up... I don't want to get it wrong anymore...don't want to screw it up anymore.
Same as always... I can only do the dumbest of things for Naruto...
A smile is the easiest way out of a difficult situation.
Sarada, you and I are very precious to your dad. That's exactly why he can't come home. I don't think you'll be able to understand it now...but the day will come when you do.
You can't keep up in Team 7 being half -baked!!
The beauty of the cherry blossoms color the world! And the will of the girls brings victory!
I can't just let everyone protect me all the time!
It's not like it was before! I'll surpass you just you wait!
I've been through some harsh training, you know! I've gotten stronger,too!!
If you can forgive Naruto, that's fine... However, I could care less if you forgive me!
Usually, when you paint a picture, you give it a name.
He feels so totally different. Is this really Sasuke...?
I will trust Sasuke and do what I should do...
I've learned the competitive spirit from my master!
Ino if you're a casmos flower... Then am I just a thoroughwort?
Thank you, Ino... Thank you.
 Didn't you know? Women have to be strong in order to survive!
All I've been doing is watching you two from behind... Now, get a good look at MY back!
I may not have amazing weapons like a puppet in me, but what I do have is my master's contempt for losing!
He's making us realise that he considers all of us his comrades!!! I'm going to make sure Naruto has a full recovery! Every one of us must do what's in their power! If we're going to die any way… …then it's better to die fighting than to do nothing!!
I'm not going to just allow someone to die so easily on my watch!That ridiculous dream of yours… just look now. I won't let you die… you're not dying on me, you hear me! No matter the cost, there's no way that I will let you die!! Just look now… that dream is right in front of your eyes!!!
It's the fact that he thinks of all of us as comrades... From the bottom of his heart.
