0	Naruto: How Much Has Hinata Changed Since Season 1?
1	Hinata's character in Naruto evolved from a shy girl to a powerful fighter independent of her love for Naruto.
2	"Her development was driven by her teammates, confidence boost, and mastering Hyuga techniques."
3	"Hinata became one of the strongest characters, marrying Naruto and continuing to be a resilient protector in Boruto."
4	Hinata Hyuga is a great example of the former.
5	" When she was introduced in the series, she was a shy and timid girl who had a massive crush on Naruto, though, by the end of the series, she was an incredibly powerful fighter who was defined by more than just her love for the main character of the series."
6	The first few episodes of the first season of Naruto serve as foundational episodes that not only introduce the characters but also the world of the setting. 
7	" One of these characters was Hinata, introduced as a timid girl who seemed to be very fixated on the titular character."
8	"Despite this, however, she was an incredibly sweet person who cared very much for someone who had been ostracized by the rest of the village."
9	"She was the heiress to the powerful Hyuga clan, but her meek nature came in the way of that, as her father believed her to be far too docile to inherit the title, which would eventually go to her younger sister."
10	"It became quite a theme with her character, as she cared too much for the feelings of others, making her quite weak in the beginning. "
11	"However, her enrollment into Team 8 marked the beginning of her personality change."
12	"I will never go back on my word... Because that too is my nindo, my ninja way!"
13	"After getting a major boost in self-confidence from her teammates, she began to feel as if she truly served a bigger role."
14	" Though she would initially rely on them far too much to make up for her weak points, she began to see a shift when they considered her to be a valuable member with her own unique qualities and attributes that she brought to the team, wanting to help them rather than being a burden."
15	"Then, she would eventually find many similarities between the two of them, which would only serve to deepen the love she had for him."
16	"However, this same trait would later be a great part of her character, as she would improve and get stronger to prove herself to Naruto so she could be worthy of him, now confronting danger instead of running from it."
17	"By the end of Part 1, the Hyuga clan finds faith in her once more."
18	"Naruto: Shippuden marked the second part of the franchise and in it, Hinata's character remained largely the same in the beginning, though she was far more confident and far stronger this time around."
19	"At some point, she underwent special Chakra training and further honed her strength, while at the same time gaining substantial control of her energy."
20	"Her bravery had increased to the point where she confronted Pain to protect Naruto, despite knowing that it would almost certainly ensure her death at the villains' hands."
21	"Over time, she perfected her clan's techniques, making the Gentle Step Twin Lion Fist her signature move, which would drain her target's Chakra every time it connected."
22	"Inheriting her clan's gift of the Byakugan eyes, Hinata would master these too, giving herself pinpoint accuracy in her fights against the targets, also giving her a great support role as she could increase the accuracy for others."
23	"Eventually, her personality would change to one that was completely different from the way she was back in season 1, finally getting her love for the main character reciprocated."
24	"By protecting Naruto and many others during the Fourth Great Ninja War and being one of the greatest assets on the side of the heroes, she would eventually go on to marry Naruto and give birth to the titular character of the next part of the franchise; Boruto."
25	"In Boruto, Hinata's character is a picture of strength and resilience, always supporting her family in various ways."
26	"Throughout the series, she is also seen to have kept her combat prowess, as she continues to help against the many threats that plague her home and loved ones."
27	"In conclusion, Hinata turned from a fairly one-note character to one of the best and most inspirational characters in the entire franchise!"
28	"She has definately grown. She's a chunnin isn't she? And she has also grown a little bit out of her shy personality, when it comes to Naruto."
29	"Part 1, she was so shy around him, she had a hard time communicating with him."
30	"But in part 2, she was the one who got Naruto's attention when she said ""Let's do our best."" to naruto when they were paired with Yamato."
31	"Though there is definatly room for improvement, she become more comfortable around him, which is a big improvement for her strength-emotional wise."
32	"Her physical strength and ninja abilities? No one can be sure, we'll have to see her in combat."
33	" But she won't dissapoint us, she has been training hard for three years to show Naruto, and now that they are on a mission together, now is her chance to show us what she's made of."
34	"IMO - Hinata would be around the same level as preskip Neji at the end of Part I, which I would estimate to be high chuunin-level."
35	"Since Hinata also has something like the Naruto inspiration factor still going for her, I do believe this is a reasonable estimate of her abilities even if we haven't seen her in action after the timeskip"
36	"Hinata post skip is most likely as strong as SRA Neji, or maybe weaker."
37	"Also, where are people getting that because she's a Chuunin; she's excellent? Ino is a Chuunin."
38	"Hinata's growth is left open; she has the least amount of talent, is not very strong-willed, and was born into wealth in terms of skills."
39	"Though her use of the Byakugan allows her to become something worth mentioning, there is still a noticeable fact that she has yet to truly make the best of what she's been given, even if it isn't much."
40	"Keeping this in mind, her story doesn't have to have closure to be good, nor does it have to have good closure."
41	"To illustrate that hard work may not always pay off, Kishi might use her like he did against Neji and show that it can fail sometimes."
42	The more important thing is fighting the fight.
43	"When asked if Hinata's growth will be remotely comparable to Lee or Naruto's, I think there'd be more to gain by leaving her where she's been all this time."
44	"On the side, this would illustrate her point."
45	"You can fight back, but you don't always have to win."
46	"Hinata can fight, but if she wins, it might not illustrate much or bring any new value when similar characters already fulfill that role."
47	I cannot see a great and happy ending to her story.
48	"I think she's already played her role and now exists as a member of Kiba and Shino's team, comic relief, and Naruto's central love interest."
49	"Her biggest role was to lose to Neji, as I've said time and time again."
50	"While Iruka, Shikamaru, and Gaara all utilized their roles towards bigger parts in the story."
51	"She did play a big role in the story, but not because of her, but because of what she represented."
52	"The entire theme was losers vs. Fate, and though she was used to add dramatic effect with a loser losing to fate, she led the way towards a loser beating Neji."
53	"In Hinata's fight with Neji, we see an obvious disadvantage."
54	"People seem to think that that is all Hinata is good for, a good fight but a loss."
55	"True, she lost, but she proved something in that fight, which changed her entire attitude and gave her reason to grow even more as a character and in ability."
56	"That fight gave her the later drive to not be so shy (besides with Naruto) and to try her best, much like Naruto's can-do spirit."
57	"I see more importance in her role later, even if it won't change the story really at all."
58	She'll get her moment to shine.
59	"Hinata's skills are different from Neji's making him indeed stronger since he is a Jounin after all. But, the Hyuuga's have different ways to use their blood line, so Hinata might have a better ability and edge over some specific people. "
60	Yet people miss the factor of who Hinata went against in contrast to who Shikamaru went against.
61	Shikamaru went against a cocky Genin pawn of Orochimaru with little importance to the fight.
62	"He fought, with some trouble, then won."
63	"Hinata, on the other hand, went against an obviously superior opponent and was meant to build up both Neji's story (leading into his fight with Naruto) and Hinata's story."
64	"This change in Neji's character caused him to push to more than what he was ""destined"" for and became a Jounin."
65	The experience Hinata had with Naruto's uplifting talk to her changed her then.
66	This would also show in the non-canon filler episode.
67	"Again, it's not canon, but it shows that it was considered (plus Kishi was saying how he liked Hinata's filler move and may add it to her in the manga)."
68	"Shikamaru lacks any real back-story that would induce such great character growth other than revenge (and if you are okay with Shika for HIS revenge, why hate Sasuke for his? lol)."
69	"Hinata, though, has had many reasons in her past that would make her want to change the person she is."
70	Whether this shows up or not will be seen when she actually fights.
71	"The same can be said for the characters in Naruto, who are constantly improving themselves not just physically, but as people as well."
72	"Hinata Hyuga, the future wife of Naruto, spent a great deal of the series run growing in her own way, from a shy and withdrawn girl with a crush on her classmate to one of the most powerful ninjas around, no longer defined by her affection towards the title character."
73	"That doesn't mean it was all uphill, as there were a few times over Naruto's run that she backpedaled and regressed from the progress she had made."
74	"When fans first saw Hinata and Naruto's backstory in The Last: Naruto the Movie, they were treated to the catalyst that led to Hinata's borderline obsession with the boy who would be Hokage, as well as a strange retcon about Naruto's knowledge of the Shadow Clone Jutsu."
75	"This moment, even though they were both so young at the time, cemented in Hinata's mind that Naruto was someone she should look up to, and someone she would admire for years to come despite her family warning her to stay away from him."
76	"It also appeared that this encounter with Naruto pulled her out of her shell a little, although that would be short-lived."
77	A huge turning point for Hinata was when she joined Team 8 after she graduated from the Ninja Academy.
78	"She had been otherwise ignored by her family as being too soft to be a ninja, and many others around her felt the same way."
79	"That changed drastically under Kurenai's direction, and the support of her teammates, who both valued not only her inherent gifts as a Hyuga, but also her learned abilities as well."
80	"It was from this relationship with her teammates that Hinata was shown to be more assertive and sure of herself during missions and combat, although that usually all went out the door as soon as Naruto was around"
81	"Despite her growth as a character following her graduation, she continued to revert to her introverted and shy mannerisms whenever she was around Naruto or confronted in an aggressive way."
82	"As her team pointed out to her numerous times, she is stronger than she thinks she is, and, as Naruto points out much later, she is one of the best ninjas in the Hidden Leaf Village."
83	"Despite her habit of taking one step forward and two steps back, the Chunin Exams did lead to another growth spurt for her character."
84	"During the Chunin Exams arc, Neji was teased to be one of the most talented students to have come out of the academy in recent years, and it was expected that he would face Naruto in the combat tests - which he eventually did - but not before Hinata was forced to fight him."
85	"This was not only the first time fans were able to see the Byakugan in a proper fight, but also the unique Hyuga style of combat."
86	"There were few people in the arena who thought Hinata had a chance of victory, but that didn't stop Naruto from cheering her on from the sidelines and giving her the resolve to not give up, despite it nearly killing her in the process."
87	"Not only did this fight change Neji's view of his cousin, but it also made Naruto start to really notice her."
88	"After Sasuke's defection to join Orochimaru, Naruto took a leave of absence from the Hidden Leaf Village to train with Jiraiya, not returning for a few years."
89	"In that time, Hinata had grown into a strong and capable ninja that rivaled the likes of the Sanin's chosen students, although she hadn't made it as far up the ranks as Neji and Temari, who had both become Jonin."
90	"As soon as Naruto returned from his training, however, Hinata lost all sense of herself and even fainted when Naruto tried to recruit her to retrieve Sasuke, mistaking his request for something more romantic."
91	"She would get a chance to redeem herself soon after, but at a huge personal cost."
92	"During the Invasion of Pain arc, Naruto was away from the village learning to use Senjutsu after Jiraiya's death, leaving Pain with ample opportunity to attack the village and its citizens."
93	"Even when he did return, he was quickly pinned down and seemed to be on the verge of losing his life until Hinata stepped in, not only saving his life, but also finally confessing to him that she loved him."
94	"During the opening scene of The Last, Naruto is shown wearing a red scarf that gets destroyed in his scuffle with the school bullies."
95	"Hinata, remembering the impact their first meeting had on him, made Naruto another scarf just like it and planned to give it to him and once again confess her love for him."
96	"However, she is disheartened by his sudden popularity with women following the Fourth Shinobi World War, and is unable to follow through with her plan."
97	"For the entire series run, Hinata was a reserved and emotionally withdrawn character for most of the time, but it wasn't until Hinata and Naruto's wedding that fans realized she had never laughed on-screen until that point."
98	"In the lead-up to the couple's wedding, Iruka wanted to apologize to Hinata for how he raised Naruto, thinking he had a hand in his cluelessness about her feelings for him, among other things."
99	"This conversation marked the first time in the entire series that Hinata ever laughed openly, and shows just how much she had grown as a character since she was the shy girl watching Naruto from the back of the classroom."
100	"Following the birth of Boruto and Hanabi, as well as Naruto's induction as the Seventh Hokage, Hinata seemingly abandoned her desire to become a strong warrior and prove herself to her family, and instead, became a stay-at-home mom while supporting her husband's role as the leader of their village."
101	"While she may have given up fighting at this point, she is shown to be highly intimidating when the opportunity calls for it, especially when her children misbehave."
