	being Hokage is a difficult Job
	Its an indispensable duty crucial to the survival of the village passed down throughout the generations
0	I know it's sad not to have your father around on important days
1	What's the matter dear?
2	It's some kind of ninja tool it seems he had attached to his arm. Is it?
3	Boruto.. Take care of your father
4	"If you're going to be noisy, go outside!"
5	I was just thinking that you're just like your dad back in the day
6	Your dad was always excited about training with his master
7	He was a great man. And his name was Master Jiraiya
8	That would be impossible. He passed away
9	"We have photos, though. Do you want to see them?"
10	This man is Master Jiraiya
11	He was a teacher and a father figure to your dad
12	"He may seem like it, but he was really a heroic man"
13	"He was my cousin. But to me, he was like a kind of stong older brother"
14	"Unfortunately, I only have his memory, but he was like a brother to me."
15	Mr. Takai hasn't changed much.
16	Grandma Uwa is just the same.
17	"And there's Methane Road, the godmother of Jumma and my dear friend."
18	"The mayor’s mother, Shikare, and the old lady."
19	"When I wiped the noise from the side, Sasuke-kun was always the best."
20	"Wow, Sasuke is amazing, but this kid is less skilled."
21	But he was the will of Lord Jiraiya.
22	Sasuke-kun might be stronger than my father.
23	That’s not possible.
24	this is the end i don't want to die yet i got two children and i must take care of them i can't die yet
25	But I have nothing to complain either.
26	I was so lucky in my life.
27	I married the love of my life and created a family with him.
28	I have made a lot of friends and saved the world with them.
29	Many things happened in my ninja way.
30	"Many good things, but many bad things too."
31	"Neji, I will finally be able to see you in the other world."
32	"I wanted to talk to you too, Neggie; I missed you."
33	"I need to ask you something: what did you feel when you sacrificed your life to save me, Naruto?"
34	How did you leave knowing you were leaving all these precious things behind in the world?
35	"Yes, I see you are right, so I can't do much now."
36	"The only thing I can do is trust my family and village, trust the man I love and who will do anything for me."
37	"Naruto, I will miss you."
38	"You are the love of my life, and I am very proud of you."
39	I know that you will be able to protect our family and village as you always do.
40	"Himawari, I will miss you too."
41	You’ve got to grow up to be very beautiful and strong.
42	I know you will be a precious girl in the future who will protect her village.
43	"I know you are still a child, but you have the will of fire inside you."
44	"Now, Boruto, you are going through so much at a young age."
45	"Your father went through tough times too, but that made him stronger, and I'm sure it will make you strong as well."
46	"My family—Naruto, Boruto, and Himawari—I trust and love you."
47	Goodbye.
