0	NaruHina (???? NaruHina) is the term used to refer to the romantic relationship between Naruto Uzumaki and Hinata Hy?ga.
1	"In the beginning of the Ch?nin Exams, Naruto's opinion on Hinata was that she was ""weird"" and ""timid,"" explaining that whenever he was near her, she would always stutter and blush."
2	"During the written exams, Hinata sees Naruto struggling to complete his test."
3	"She offered her own test as a cheating source, but before he responded to her, Naruto pondered if her offer was a trick set by Kiba Inuzuka, her teammate."
4	"Realizing Hinata would never do something like that, Naruto nearly agrees, though he does ask her why she would let him cheat off her paper."
5	"After Naruto and Kiba's fight during the preliminary matches, Hinata attempts again to give him some of her ointment."
6	"She almost fails, due to Naruto not knowing what she was holding, but Kurenai Yuhi aids Hinata, explaining what the ointment was for."
7	"Accepting the ointment, Naruto smiles, thanking Hinata."
8	"When Hinata's turn to fight comes, she is matched against Neji Hyuga, her cousin."
9	"Though she is discouraged by Kiba and advised to back down from the match, Hinata refuses to do so."
10	Hinata is quickly put down by Neji who continually calls her worthless and tells her that she will always be unable to change herself.
11	"However, Naruto shows obvious disagreement and shouts in Hinata's defense."
12	"Telling Neji that Hinata will change during their fight, Naruto tells Hinata to defeat Neji."
13	Hinata silently thanks Naruto in her thoughts and the match begins.
14	"While observing the match, and seeing Hinata refuse to admit defeat after being dealt a hard blow, Naruto comments that Hinata was tough."
15	Rock Lee comments that Hinata was a lot like him.
16	"Sakura Haruno echoes this statement, mentioning to Naruto that Hinata was always watching him."
17	"Throughout the match, Naruto cheers for Hinata."
18	"As Hinata is brutally injured by Neji, Naruto solemnly recalls her previous statement of wishing to change herself."
19	"After Hinata is beaten, she lies on the floor, due to Neji's internal hits."
20	"Yelling her name, Naruto rushes to her side."
21	"Looking at Naruto, Hinata asks him, in her thoughts, if she changed even a little before soon passing out, being carried away and taken to the hospital."
22	"With Hinata's blood still on the ground, Naruto grabs some of it, holds it out to Neji and vows to defeat him in her place."
23	Naruto is eventually partnered with Neji to fight at the final stage of the Exams.
24	"However, Naruto feels unsure and discouraged about facing Neji."
25	"On his way to the match, he runs into Hinata at the training grounds, where he revealed his doubts to her."
26	"However, Hinata admits that she admires Naruto because he is able to keep trying despite his imperfections and difficulties."
27	Hinata's words cause Naruto to cheer up and regain his confidence.
28	"Before Naruto leaves, he tells Hinata that he once thought she was weird and plain-looking, causing Hinata to sulk."
29	"But he continues, saying that he actually really liked people like her, much to Hinata's delight."
30	"During Naruto's fight against Neji in the finals, Hinata is seen rooting for Naruto, but due to having not yet recovered from her fight with Neji, she faints and misses the rest of the fight."
31	"After Neji talks about his personal life, Naruto stands up for Hinata by saying that he's not the only one who is special, and that Hinata suffered as much as he did."
32	"After winning the match, in his head Naruto wonders where Hinata was and if she was watching."
33	"Hinata is shown watching Naruto as he leaves the village, silently vowing to become stronger as he has."
34	"Hinata, not having seen Naruto in two and a half years, hides behind a fence upon first seeing Naruto."
35	"Realizing Hinata's location, Naruto greets her, causing her to faint."
36	"When news reaches Konoha that Sasuke Uchiha killed Orochimaru, Team 8 is sent on a mission alongside Team 7 to find Itachi Uchiha and then Sasuke."
37	Kakashi Hatake summons his ninken and divides the team into groups.
38	"Hinata is put in Naruto's group and, blushing, says, ""Let's work together Naruto-kun."""
39	"Naruto and Hinata are approached by Kabuto Yakushi, who explains that he wanted to see Naruto."
40	"Seeing Kabuto, Hinata asks what he wants with Naruto."
41	Kabuto reveals that he wanted to give Naruto a book containing Orochimaru's information on the Akatsuki.
42	"Later, the team regroups and Kiba is able to find Sasuke's trail."
43	"On their way to Sasuke's location, a worried Hinata warns Naruto, trying to tell him that there is someone around."
44	"They then come across Tobi, who stops them from going farther towards Sasuke's area."
45	"A battle ensues, and Naruto is knocked into a pond."
46	Hinata is shown to be worried and then relieved after seeing Naruto stand.
47	"After realizing Naruto was fighting the Akatsuki's leader, Pain, alone, Hinata attempts to aid him in his battle."
48	"However, she is halted by K?, who tells her that she will only be a burden to Naruto."
49	"Hinata seemingly accepts his words, but after Naruto is pierced to the ground by Pain, Hinata immediately rushes to his side, despite knowing the grim odds."
50	"Naruto pleads with Hinata, telling her to flee for the sake of her own life, but Hinata refuses."
51	"She tells him that she is unafraid of death; If it is to protect him, she has no worry."
52	"She then finally confesses her love to him, which shocks Naruto."
53	"Hinata proceeds to attack Pain, but is easily defeated before being pierced by one of his rods."
54	"After seeing Hinata get stabbed, Naruto becomes enraged and transforms into the Kyubi, growing six tails and later nine."
55	"Afterwards, Naruto regains his consciousness and stares at the destroyed Hidden Leaf."
56	"After being informed of the situation, Naruto sees the area that he destroyed while possessed by the Nine-Tails."
57	A horrified Naruto then remembers Hinata and wonders if he killed her and the villagers.
58	"In his worry, Naruto tightly clutches at his chest, but is able to then sense her chakra."
59	"Katsuyu notifies him that no villagers had been harmed and, shedding tears of relief, Naruto repeatedly mutters ""Thank God""."
60	"Hinata is shown being healed by Sakura, who notes her feelings for Naruto."
61	"When Naruto informs the Great Toad Sage of all the times he had let the Kyubi take over his body, he mentions that when he saw Hinata get stabbed by Pain he became so full of rage, he allowed the Nine-Tails to take over his body without thinking."
62	"When Hinata attacks three White Zetsus, Naruto appears and protects her from them."
63	"Hinata is surprised at his appearance, but Naruto only asks if she is alright."
64	"The two fight more, with Naruto defeating several more White Zetsus until Neji appears."
65	"He shows distrust, showing suspicion to whether Naruto was a Zetsu Clone or the real thing."
66	"However, Hinata tells her cousin that she is able to tell it is Naruto by looking into his eyes."
67	"When Hinata becomes distressed, Naruto, being able to sense her negative feelings, reminds her that she is strong, remembering her bravery when fighting Pain and mentions being able to see everything in her eyes."
68	"When Naruto has a conversation with the Kyubi about the hatred of an entire war and Sasuke, Naruto remembers him and Sasuke in their academy days."
69	Naruto thinks of the time he and Sasuke were set to spar with each other in the Academy.
70	"Hinata is shown cheering for Naruto, but her voice is drowned out by the other girls cheering for Sasuke."
71	"After being informed by Inoichi from headquarters that Naruto and Killer B were fighting the ""masked Madara"", Hinata and the rest of the Konoha 11 rushed to his aid."
72	"As she ran alongside Neji, she thought of Naruto and asked him to wait for her, and that instead of running after him, she'd be walking with him, hand-in-hand, once the war had ended."
73	"After arriving at the battlefield to assist in the fight against the Ten-Tails, Hinata immediately asks Naruto if he is alright."
74	"As Naruto shouts to everyone in acknowledgement of their arrival, Kiba smiles and yells to Naruto, saying he shouldn't act tough just because of Hinata's presence."
75	"When the Hyuga clan arrives at the battlefield, the entire clan firmly states they will protect Naruto."
76	"When Hinata stands with Neji and declares to Naruto that they will protect him, Naruto shouts her name in surprise."
77	"During one of the Ten-Tail's attacks, it sends thousands of sharp spikes careening through the air and onto the ground."
78	"One of these attacks heads towards Naruto and Hinata steps in front of him with the intention of being struck instead, willing to risk and sacrifice her life for his own."
79	"However, Neji instead is hit when he throws himself in front of Hinata, causing extreme damage to his body."
80	"His life quickly fading, Neji tells Naruto that his life is not his own anymore, but everyone's, as all of the shinobi were willing to sacrifice their lives for his."
81	"After Neji's death, Obito taunts Naruto, mocking his resolve, pointing out how he said he wouldn't let any of his friends die."
82	"Obito offers Naruto a hand, persuading him to lose hope, but Naruto is stopped by Hinata, who slaps him across the face, reminding him of Neji's words."
83	Hinata reiterates to Naruto their shared nindo of never going back on their word.
84	"Regaining himself, Naruto thanks Hinata for being by his side, takes her hand, and transfers chakra to her and the rest of the Allied Forces."
85	"After receiving the chakra from Naruto, Hinata deflects one of the Ten-Tails' attacks with her 8 trigrams 64 palms."
86	"As Naruto, Hinata, and Lee as well as the rest of the Allied Forces charge at Madara and Obito, Naruto attempts to throw his Rasenshuriken, but finds that his arm is still dislocated."
87	"Hinata quickly uses her Gentle Palm to relocate Naruto's shoulder, allowing him to throw his attack at Obito."
88	"Later during the battle, as Hinata fights some of the Ten-Tails spawns, she nearly fails to complete her combo."
89	"However, she has a flashback, and it was revealed that Naruto was smiling at her during the time they were holding hands."
90	"After the flashback, she says to herself that she wants to be by Naruto's side forever, and that she has figured the trick in connecting her attack and successfully completes her 64 palm combo."
91	"As Naruto charges ahead into the battlefield, Hinata stays behind with the troops and is seen watching him with her Byakugan."
92	"At one point, Sakura asks Hinata about Sasuke and Naruto to which the Hyuga calmly replies that the two were, ""smiling""."
93	"After the attack of the God Tree had calmed, Naruto's memories and emotions are transferred into the troops."
94	Hinata is then shown to sympathize with him by muttering his name.
95	"When everyone talks of wanting to be by Naruto's side, Hinata notes to herself that she must also work hard, for she wants the same."
96	"Sensing Naruto's presence as he is brought by Gaara, Hinata quickly turns around in curiosity."
97	"Assured by Kiba that Naruto is near by, she quickly activates her Byakugan and notices his slow heartbeat."
98	"Scared at the thought of Naruto dying, she rushes to his side."
99	"However, she trips."
100	"Clenching to herself, out of exhaustion, she prays for Neji to protect Naruto."
101	"As the Infinite Tsukuyomi genjutsu begins, Hinata is one of the many caught."
102	"Stating that she can no longer move, she mentally calls out Naruto's name as she descends into the genjutsu."
103	"When she is finally caught within her dream, Neji and Hanabi are shown spying on both her and Naruto while they seemingly are together as a happy couple."
104	Hinata and everyone else was then released by Naruto and Sasuke from the Infinite Tsukuyomi.
105	"Later, at Konoha, a memorial service is held for Neji."
106	Naruto and Hinata attend Neji's funeral and they can be seen standing near each other.
107	"Over a year after the war has ended, Naruto employs some of his friends to spread rumors about Kakashi as revenge for being left out of Kakashi's latest adventure at Hozuki Castle."
108	"Naruto says that he wishes he could have been there to help, since Kakashi was fighting for his life and all the others had gotten to participate."
109	Hinata is one of the friends who agrees to help Naruto spread the rumor.
110	"When Kakashi finds out, he hits Naruto on the head and scolds him."
111	"Hinata runs over to Naruto to ask if he is alright, admonishing Kakashi for being mean to him."
112	"The others join in, jokingly admonishing Kakashi until he agrees to buy Naruto some ramen as an apology."
113	"At the beginning of the movie, a young Hinata is seen being bullied by three older boys."
114	"Upon being called a monster because of her Byakugan eyes, breaking into tears, Naruto, who is sitting on a swing nearby, comes to defend Hinata."
115	"However, he is easily beaten up and passes out."
116	The boys then take his red scarf and begins playing and stomping on it.
117	"Waking up, Naruto realize the boys are gone, Hinata approaches Naruto and asks if he was okay, also offering Naruto his scarf back."
118	"However, Naruto replies that the scarf was really wrecked so he didn't need it."
119	"Before Naruto left the scene, the young Hinata thanks Naruto and he bids her a goodbye."
120	"Upon watching his departure, Hinata is shown to still hold onto the scarf."
121	"In the academy, Iruka asks his students to write on a piece of paper the name of the person they would want to be with if the world was going to end tomorrow."
122	The class then erupted into laughter due to Naruto's comment.
123	"When the students finally picked up their pencils and started writing, Naruto who couldn't think of anyone to write, folded his paper into a plane paper and throw it outside the window."
124	"As Iruka scolds Naruto for throwing the paper, Hinata looks at Naruto and writes something down on her paper."
125	"In the present timeline of the movie, in the evening, Hinata can be seen coming out from a shop, proceeding to walk home."
126	"At the same time, Naruto who was having ramen at Ramen Ichiraku is approached by Konohamaru, who tells Naruto that he has something to show him."
127	"At night time, in the Hyuga mansion, Hinata is shown knitting a red scarf, remembering the time Naruto defended her from the three bullies, also revealing she had kept his old one from that time."
128	Hinata later meets Sakura when she comes out from a shop in the evening.
129	"Curious, Sakura asks if Hinata was knitting something to which Hinata replies that she was making a scarf."
130	They then can be seen chatting in a café.
131	Sakura tells Hinata that Naruto has been really popular with girls recently and some have even come from other villages just to meet him.
132	"Sakura then encourages Hinata to hurry and finish the scarf, also telling her to be more confident."
133	It is then revealed that Hinata has been knitting the red scarf every night.
134	"At one night, Naruto is seen standing at the window as he holds a blue-striped scarf in his room filled with presents."
135	"When Hinata finished knitting the scarf, she happily runs down the stairs to leave and give the scarf to Naruto but begins to hesitate."
136	"Seeing this, Hanabi teases Hinata, telling her to hurry up and just tell Naruto how she feels."
137	"When Hinata’s stomach suddenly rumbles, Hanabi teases her again saying that Naruto will laugh at her if her stomach rumbles in the middle of the confession."
138	Hinata then leaves to give the scarf to Naruto.
139	"At the meantime, Naruto was having ramen with Sakura and Team 10."
140	"Upon taking off his scarf, Sakura begins to wonders why Naruto was so concerned about it."
141	"Upon wanting to ask about it, she is stopped by Hinata's appearance."
142	Naruto then asks Hinata to join them for ramen and says it's his treat since he had a good day.
143	"Seeing Hinata's hesitation, Sakura also asks Hinata to join them and moves over to let Hinata sit next to Naruto."
144	"When Hinata takes the seat, Naruto's fangirls appear and Naruto treats them ramen the same way he treated Hinata."
145	Hinata then says that she's already full and decides to leave.
146	Sakura then tells Naruto to walk Hinata home to which Naruto asks why and says that Hinata is strong so she can walk home herself.
147	"Hearing this, Hinata then leaves."
148	Sakura gets angry and leaves after she calls Naruto an idiot.
149	Sakura walks with Hinata and says that Naruto can be so dense.
150	Sakura then asks Hinata if she is going to give him the scarf and tells her to be more confident in herself.
151	Hinata then asks Sakura why she is encouraging her so much to which Sakura replies that they need to support each other after she reminisces about Sasuke.
152	"When Hinata reaches her house, she decides to go and give the scarf to Naruto."
153	"Later, various masked puppet breaks into the Hyuuga house and kidnaps Hanabi."
154	Hinata can be seen practicing her confession to hand over the scarf to Naruto in an empty street.
155	"When she was about to practice again, Naruto appears and goes to talk with Hinata."
156	Hinata becomes upset when she sees Naruto wearing a blue-striped scarf.
157	"When Hinata’s stomach rumbles, Naruto invites her to eat ramen in his apartment."
158	Hinata's face turns red and she runs away because she feels embarrassed.
159	Hinata can be seen sitting alone on a swing in a park and wonders who gave Naruto the blue-striped scarf.
160	Hinata then cries with her tears falling on her red scarf.
161	Toneri suddenly appears in front of Hinata and asks why she is crying.
162	Naruto hears Hinata’s scream and rushes to where Hinata is.
163	"When Naruto reaches the park, he sees a puppet holding Hinata as Toneri casts something on her."
164	"Toneri and the puppet then disappear, taking Hinata with them."
165	An army of puppets attack Naruto and he beats them up along the way as he chases the puppet that took Hinata away.
166	Naruto manages to defeat the puppet and Hinata falls down from the roof.
167	"Luckily, her scarf gets caught on the side of the building, stopping her from falling."
168	Naruto continues his fight with the puppet after he asks Hinata if she is okay.
169	Hinata climbs up the building but her body suddenly becomes numb and she falls from the roof when the scarf is ripped.
170	Naruto finishes his fight and catches Hinata.
171	"On the roof top, Naruto comments that the scarf is ripped."
172	Toneri reappears and says he will definitely be back for Hinata and then disappears.
173	"After Toneri disappears, a giant meteor falls down from the sky and lands behind the Hokage monument."
174	Naruto and Hinata look in amazement.
175	"The next day, Naruto, Hinata, Sakura, Sai and Shikamaru; with him leading the team, are sent on a mission to save Hanabi."
176	The team set out on their journey on Sai’s ink birds and they split up to search for clues.
177	Naruto and Hinata are on the same ink bird.
178	"When Hinata finds Hanabi’s kunai and wants to put it in her bag, Naruto sees the red scarf and asks her why she didn’t wear it since it is snowing."
179	Hinata blushes and says they need to get back to the team and tells Shikamaru and the others about the kunai.
180	"The team continue their search together and Hinata, who is using her Byakugan, sees a glowing lake in a cave."
181	"When they reach the cave, the team decides to dive into the lake because Hinata’s Byakugan is distorted."
182	"Before they dive in, Naruto takes off his scarf so it will not get wet."
183	Sakura asks Naruto why it matters if the scarf gets wet to which Naruto replies that it is a big deal because the scarf means a lot to him.
184	Hinata becomes upset after hearing this.
185	Sai then comments that Naruto doesn’t need to worry about the scarf because he doesn’t get wet when he touch the water.
186	They then dive into water and fall into a genjutsu that makes them reminisce their memories.
187	Naruto flashes back to the time when Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end.
188	He flashes back to the time he fights Kiba during the Chunin Exams.
189	He flashes back to the time when Hinata gives him her family's ointment as she blushes.
190	"Meanwhile, Hinata flashes back to the time Naruto fought Pain alone."
191	"Not knowing her bag is open, Hinata’s scarf floats out from her bag and wraps around Naruto, allowing him to see Hinata’s memories."
192	"In Hinata’s memories, Naruto sees the time when she protects him from Pain and confesses her feelings to him."
193	"Next, Naruto sees the time when Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end."
194	Naruto watches his younger self get scolded by Iruka.
195	"When Naruto turns to see who Hinata wrote, he sees his own name on the paper."
196	This makes Naruto realize that Hinata has always loved him ever since their childhood.
197	Naruto then saves Hinata by hugging her and breaking her free from the genjutsu.
198	The team wake up and swim to the surface.
199	"When they get to the surface, Naruto is not angry anymore and does not care about the scarf."
200	Naruto and Hinata are on the same ink bird again.
201	Naruto says to Hinata that he remembered everything.
202	Naruto finally takes off the blue scarf and throws it away.
203	"When Hinata’s scarf falls out of her bag, Naruto puts it around his neck and thanks her."
204	Shikamaru interrupts their moment and says that they need to keep moving.
205	The team then continues their journey until they reach the entrance of Toneri’s castle.
206	"When Naruto and Hinata reach the castle, Naruto tells Hinata to stay close to him and that he will not let anyone take her away from him."
207	"Upon entering the castle, Hinata notices a photo of Hamura Otsutsuki."
208	"When the team walk down the stairs, they see Toneri standing near a coffin."
209	"Upon seeing them, Toneri comments that he never thought anyone would make it to his castle."
210	Shikamaru then asks Toneri where Hanabi is.
211	Toneri then shows them Hanabi lying unconscious in the coffin and reveals that he has taken Hanabi's Byakugan and transplants them into his own eye sockets.
212	Toneri says that he needs the Byakugan to gain the Tenseigan.
213	"Upon seeing this, Hinata becomes so upset that she runs towards Hanabi but Naruto stops her and tells her that it is a trap."
214	"As they make their way back to the surface, Naruto realizes the truth."
215	"Meanwhile, Hinata realizes that Naruto has been wearing the same scarf the entire time."
216	"At the Tenseigan’s location, Hinata tries to destroy the Tenseigan but it doesn’t work."
217	Naruto gets an idea and he holds Hinata’s hand and tells her to infuse him with her chakra.
218	They combine their chakra and together destroy the Tenseigan.
219	"After destroying it, they then find out that the Tenseigan was a cluster of Byakugan eyes."
220	"Meanwhile, all the puppets in the castle stops moving."
221	"Naruto and Hinata regroup with Sakura, Shikamaru and Sai at the castle."
222	Sakura returns Hinata the small piece of the scarf and says that she was going to give it to Naruto.
223	Naruto asks is she making the scarf for him to which Hinata says yes.
224	Naruto then says that he wants it and he doesn’t care that the scarf is already shreds.
225	"Naruto thank Hinata and says that he will cherish it, which makes Hinata happy."
226	The counts down to the world's destruction clock starts ticking again.
227	A large Gedo-esque statue attacks the team and Naruto is seen grabbing Hinata and carry her in a bridals way.
228	Naruto then fights the Gedo-esque statue with his bijuu mode.
229	"Kurama, who is helping Naruto fighting the Gedo-esque statue, duke it out on the surface of the moon."
230	Toneri then appears in his Tenseigan Chakra Mode and uses one of his techniques and blows the team away.
231	Toneri then takes Hinata and throw her into a cage.
232	Naruto then fight with Toneri.
233	"When Toneri is defeated, the Gedo-esque status stops and Hinata is free from the cage."
234	Hinata then takes back Hanabi’s eyes from a defeated Toneri.
235	"However, Toneri did not admit defeat and gather all the byakugan eyes from the Tenseigan that Naruto and Hinata have destroyed."
236	"When Toneri absorb Naruto’s chakra, Hinata holds Naruto’s hand and transfer her chakra to him."
237	They tell Toneri to stop but he did not listen and continues absorbing the energy around him.
238	"However, in absorbing this energy, Toneri is pulled out into space as he accidentally absorbing the sun’s energy, which he passed his chakra limits."
239	"Toneri was about to explode but Naruto goes to grab him and pull him back to the moon, saving his life and stop the moon from falling."
240	"At the cave with the glowing lake, Naruto and Hinata ask Toneri to come back with them and live on earth instead of living alone on the moon to which he declines, saying that he will remain in the moon and atone for his sins and he then leaves."
241	The team then dive into the lake.
242	"At the other surface, Hinata asks Naruto about his blue-striped scarf."
243	Naruto replies to Hinata that the blue-striped scarf was actually knitted for him by his mother and he found it when Konohamaru bring him to his storehouse.
244	The team then tells them to hurry up and leave the cave before it collapse.
245	Naruto and Hinata holds each others hand as they bounce from moon to moon.
246	"As they bounce from moon to moon, Naruto reminds Hinata the time Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end."
247	Naruto tells Hinata that he didn’t write any name on the paper because he doesn’t know his parents and doesn’t have any friends and confess to her that now he finally knows who he wants to spend all and every single one of his days with and that person would be her.
248	"After hearing those words from Naruto, Hinata cries happily in tears."
249	The red scarf suddenly appears and Naruto is seen wearing it as he runs hand-in-hand with Hinata with their memories appears on the moon in the background.
250	"When the moon shows the memories of the time Hinata confessed her feelings to Naruto, they can be seen running hand-in-hand in their Shippuden form and then, in their Pre-Shippuden form when the memories of their moments from the Chunnin Exam appears on the moon."
251	"Next, they can be seen running hand-in-hand in their kids form when the moon shows the memories of their moments from the beginning of the movie."
252	The cave then starts to collapse.
253	Hinata almost falls but Naruto grabs her and carry her in a bridals way.
254	He then tells her to hold him tight and don’t let go of him.
255	"As Hinata holds Naruto tightly, all of their memories appear on the moon around them in the background."
256	Naruto then uses his Rasengan as a motor to propel them out of the lake faster.
257	They come out from the lake and blast a hole through the cave and flies up into the sky.
258	The two kiss as they are floating in the sky with a big round moon in the background.
259	"In the ending credit, everyone attends Naruto and Hinata's wedding."
260	The two kiss each other at the end of the ending credit.
261	"At the end of the movie, an older Hinata is shown knitting a red scarf and an older Naruto is seen training outside."
262	"They are revealed to have two kids named Boruto and Himawari, who are running towards their father."
263	"The camera then focuses on their wedding picture and the pictures of their kids as babies, ending the movie."
264	"As Akamaru and Kiba go for a walk, Akamaru beings to notice how romance has started to develop amongst their friends."
265	"He notices; Naruto and Hinata, Shikamaru and Temari, Ch?ji and Karui, Sai and Ino have all formed romantic relationships following the end of the war."
266	Konoha citizens spot Naruto and Hinata on a date and describe them as being 'really suited to be with each other'.
267	Hinata and Naruto get married at a big wedding that everyone was invited to attend on Hokage Rock.
268	"Hinata and Naruto, as well as the rest of their friends, busily prepare for the big event."
269	"On the day of the ceremony, Hinata becomes flustered when Naruto meets her gaze and gives her an embarrassed smile; his once serious deposition turning into one of an innocent, young boy."
270	"Hinata cries tears of joy as she took Naruto's arm and held on tight, walking together with him to get married."
271	Hinata arrives to help Teams 7 and 10 against a few exploding humans that are entering in the village.
272	Hinata offers her assistance and Naruto agrees.
273	"After the exploding humans are subdued, Hinata collapses from overusing her Byakugan and Naruto catches her, and asks if she is okay."
274	Hinata assures him she is alright and thanks him.
275	"Shortly after getting married, Naruto and Hinata had a son and two years later they had a daughter."
276	"Years later, Kakashi stepped down as the Sixth Hokage with Naruto becoming the Seventh upon his recommendation."
277	"Hinata can be seen visiting Neji's grave with her daughter, Himawari."
278	"At the Hokage headquarters, Naruto is informed about his son's prank on the Hokage Monument."
279	"Appearing next to Boruto, he lectures him for doing pranks, explaining and apologizing to him why he couldn't be there for him as the whole village is his family, with this also including Boruto, and as a ninja it is his duty to endure."
280	"When Sarada finds out that Naruto, the seventh Hokage, was going to meet with her father, Sasuke, Sarada decided to follow Naruto along with Chocho, in hopes of finally meeting her father."
281	"After the Hokage left, Boruto soon arrived with Mitsuki and a lunch prepared by Hinata, the Hokage's wife, for his trip."
282	"After Shikamaru told them the Hokage had already left, Boruto decided to leave it at that, until Sarada offered to take it to Naruto."
283	"While Boruto found the idea is pointless, Sarada tells him how important this bento was since it was made by someone who loves the Hokage."
284	"Seeing the determination in her eyes, Boruto agreed to let her take the lunch to his father."
285	"When Naruto is unable to attend Himawari's birthday party due to work and sent a shadow clone as a stand-in, which ended up dropping the birthday cake, Boruto, enraged at his father for missing his own daughter's birthday party, vented his anger to his mother, Hinata."
286	"Admitting that she also missed Naruto and wanted him to be home more often, she however defends Naruto when Boruto started bad talking about him, causing Boruto more anger to the point where he threw Naruto's old jacket out of the window in a fit of rage."
287	"During the third round, Hinata sat in the audience with Himawari."
288	"Upon seeing Hinata and Himawari, Naruto comments to himself how he would prefer to sit with them rather than with the four other Kages."
289	"They watched as Boruto fought Shikadai and seemingly won, making both Naruto and Hinata proud."
290	However this is quickly short-lived once Naruto suspected Boruto of cheating.
291	"Asking Hinata to use her Byakugan on Boruto, she confirmed his suspicions, leaving both disappointed in their son."
292	"Jumping into the arena, Naruto confronted Boruto and disqualified him for cheating, with Hinata hugging Himawari when the young girl asked if Boruto did something wrong."
293	"When Momoshiki and Kinshiki appeared and attacked everyone, Naruto defends his son and teams up with Sasuke to fight them, with Hinata fleeing with Himawari into a safety zone, continuing to stay in the arena out of concern for both her husband and son."
294	"When Naruto jumped in front of Momoshiki's jutsu to protect Boruto, Sasuke, and Sarada, Hinata tried to save him but failed and was left injured in the process."
295	"After being healed by Sakura, Hinata began to panic at the possibility that Naruto was dead, but is quickly reassured by Sasuke who states that Naruto was alive and in another dimension."
296	"She comforts her daughter, Himawari, when asked about her father's fate, also refusing to allow Boruto to go with Sasuke and the other Kage in their mission to rescue Naruto, afraid of the possibility that he would get killed by Momoshiki and Kinshiki."
297	"But upon seeing Boruto wearing Naruto's old jacket, Hinata is reminded of Naruto when he was younger, deciding to finally put her trust in her son."
298	"After the fighting ended, Hinata and Himawari bid farewell to Naruto and Boruto as they both left for work and missions respectively."
299	"Though the Naruto franchise is, at its core, about shinobi overcoming their differences to save the world, it also features a healthy dose of romance."
300	The title character ends up with former classmate Hinata Hyuga after she had a crush on him all through her formative years.
301	"Naruto didn't initially realize the depth of her feelings, but he probably should have since their affection for each other actually helped them both stand up to their enemies more than once."
302	"While Naruto and Hinata's relationship is sometimes overlooked as a result of the fan focus on Naruto's bond with Sasuke, there are a lot of positive aspects of their relationship to consider."
303	"Naruto and Hinata make a great fit, and these instances in the franchise demonstrate that."
304	Hinata Has Unparalleled Faith In Naruto's Abilities
305	"While Naruto eventually becomes an incredibly powerful shinobi, he doesn't start his journey that way."
306	Not all of his strength is a result of the Nine-Tailed Fox inside of him; it takes a lot of hard work and dedication to learning new skills.
307	Hinata sees that in him early and tells him so often.
308	"She has complete faith in his abilities, even when he's still the immature ""knucklehead"" he terms himself to be."
309	"He might be making mistakes and saying the wrong thing, but Hinata never hesitates to stand beside him in a confrontation when they're assigned to the same team in filler episodes."
310	Naruto Inspires Hinata To Be A Better Shinobi
311	"Because of her immense faith in Naruto, Hinata commits to being a stronger shinobi herself."
312	"She sees that Naruto is someone who never backs down and always gives his all, so she decides to do that as well, despite no one else thinking she's cut out for it."
313	"Naruto's inspiration leads to Hinata learning more and more impressive skills, even eventually creating her own jutsu in the anime with her Byakugan skills."
314	Naruto Encourages Hinata To Stand Up For Herself
315	"Even when Hinata has difficulty holding a conversation with him, Naruto still tries to encourage her."
316	"This doesn't always lead to great results, but his heart is in the right place."
317	"When everyone doubts whether she can last in a fight against Neji in the Chunin Exams, Naruto is the only one who encourages her to keep going."
318	"He doesn't know the full extent of the damage Neji does at the start of the fight, so his encouragement is founded in his belief that everyone should have someone in their corner, not in Hinata having to engage in an impossible fight."
319	Hinata Is Always Willing To Offer Him A Helping Hand
320	Naruto tends to jump into situations without thinking and just keep going while he's injured.
321	"During the Chunin Exams, for example, she offers up her own homemade ointment to help him with his injuries, despite not even being able to get the words out to explain that she wants to help him."
322	"Years later, when the two work together in The Last: Naruto The Movie, she's still there to help him recover from injuries as they're able to get to know one another better."
323	"While Hinata doesn't spend as much time there as a teenager as he does, there is a fun moment in Boruto that indicates she loves ramen as much as her future husband."
324	She's got a plaque on the wall denoting her as the Queen of Gluttony for a record-breaking consumption of ramen in a single visit.
325	"Considering how different Hinata and Naruto are outside of their commitment to becoming better shinobi, it's nice that they still have some things in common."
326	"Naruto Doesn't Care That She's ""Weird"""
327	Hinata's fainting spells around Naruto are sometimes described as weird.
328	So is her inability to speak full sentences to him.
329	"Most of the time, it's Naruto himself who makes that assessment."
330	"When coming across Hinata while she's training one day, however, Naruto decides that he likes her weirdness and considers her a friend."
331	They Back Each Other Up In The Most Dangerous Of Fights
332	A lot of the most dangerous fights in the anime occur while Naruto and his peers are still working their way up the shinobi ladder.
333	One of the best showcases of their willingness to back each other up in a dangerous setting is when Pain comes to Konoha.
334	"Pain pretty quickly gets the better of Naruto, and though other shinobi are terrified of taking the Akatsuki leader on, Hinata blocks Pain's path to Naruto in order to defend him."
335	"She doesn't last long in a fight, but her taking on Pain herself — and Naruto believing Pain kills her — is what motivates him to tap into the tailed beast inside him and completely wreck the village."
336	"Everything is set right eventually, but this fight makes it clear just how much the two care about one another."
337	Naruto's Scarf Is Their Red String Of Fate
338	Multiple Eastern Asian cultures have variations of the legend of the Red String Of Fate.
339	"The idea, in a nutshell, is that a red thread connects two destined soulmates to one another across space and time."
340	The Naruto franchise provides great symbolism of that legend in The Last: Naruto The Movie for Naruto and Hinata through scarves.
341	"Hinata knits a scarf for Naruto as a gift, but chickens out of giving it to him when she sees he's already wearing a scarf."
342	"His scarf ends up tangled around both of them when they're caught in a genjutsu, tying them together to relive their memories and allowing Naruto to see himself the way Hinata sees him."
343	It's a heartwarming sequence that allows him to finally realize how much they've always loved one another.
344	Naruto And Hinata Can Understand One Another's Loneliness
345	"In the Naruto series, few of the young shinobi have happy childhoods."
346	"Their lives are marred by war, the pressure to succeed, and lost family members."
347	"While Naruto loses his family in the Nine-Tails' attack on the village when he's born, Hinata is ostracized by her family because she's not an aggressively adept ninja."
348	"Though they both have their teams as friends, they're also both incredibly isolated from most of their peers until they're all banding together in the lead-up to the Fourth Shinobi World War."
349	"Naruto and Hinata, despite the franchise not dwelling on it, live childhoods of loneliness."
350	They can understand one another's desire to be accepted as a result.
351	Their Relationship Allows Them To Have The Family Life They Missed Out On
352	"Because Naruto and Hinata both endured that isolation and loneliness in their own childhoods, they can apply their understanding of one another to their own children."
353	"Hinata doesn't continue life as an active shinobi once she becomes a mother, though Naruto does go on to become Hokage."
354	"Instead, Hinata makes sure that her children have a life full of encouragement and love, and Naruto does everything he can to make sure his family stays safe and intact."
355	Their childhood experiences shape the kind of parents they become and see them strive to have a happy family life as adults.
356	"Though the character of Hinata Hyuuga didn’t debut in the Naruto manga until the fourth volume, she was a mainstay in the animated projects, appearing in every incarnation of the anime and movies."
357	"Eventually, the meek and mild girl who admired Naruto Uzumaki from afar became the love of his life – though many fans never would have imagined that possible during their early interactions."
358	Hinata’s interest in Naruto wasn’t born of romantic infatuation.
359	"Instead, she admired his commitment to training: no matter how many mistakes he made he always continued on in his missions."
360	She looked to find a way to stand up for herself the same way Naruto did.
361	"With nearly 500 episodes of anime in the two original Naruto series, and several movies as companion stories, the two fell in love, but for fans who might not have devoured every aspect of the Naruto canon, there's a lot to learn about their relationship."
362	Family lineage is an important part of just how the shinobi world works in the Naruto franchise.
363	"That's because a lot of specialty jutsu, and even chakra levels, are inherited."
364	"Each clan in the Naruto world has its own specialty, some of them are kept secret from outsiders, and most often, children end up in the clan of the father if distant relatives don't keep their relationships in the same clan."
365	"Because Naruto is said to be the last of the Uzumakis (though Karin is still out there and shares his clan name), Boruto and Himawari might share his family name, but they belong to the Hyuga clan."
366	Boruto and his little sister even train with their Aunt Hanabi once in a while.
367	"Considering Himawari has the Hyuga Byakugan, it makes perfect sense for her to maintain membership in her mother's clan anyway."
368	"When the Infinite Tsukuyomi was unleashed during the Fourth World War, the only ones not caught in the genjutsu were Sasuke, Sakura, and Naruto, as they were left to free the shinobi world."
369	"The genjutsu wasn't just a hallucination, however, it was meant to suck those affected by it into their ideal world."
370	"For Hinata, that world included Naruto."
371	"In fact, her dream is a relatively simple one at the time."
372	"She and Naruto spend time together, sitting on a bench, while her cousin Neji and her sister Hanabi witness how in love they are."
373	The three most important people in the world to her are safe and happy.
374	"She doesn't entirely get that dream to come true as Neji is killed in the way, but Naruto does eventually realize he feels the same."
375	"Naruto, the charmer and free spirit, is canonically a Libra in the franchise with his October 10th birthday."
376	"Hinata, on the other hand, is born on December 27th, making her a practical and goal-oriented Capricorn."
377	"On paper, Naruto and Hinata's zodiac signs make them one of the least compatible couples."
378	Astrology enthusiasts will know that both Libra and Capricorn tend to be leaders.
379	Hinata doesn't always show her leadership abilities in the series until she's forced to take a stand.
380	"Naruto takes the lead on a regular basis, whether others want him to or not."
381	"In theory, that should make them clash."
382	"Hinata, however, admires Naruto too much for that to happen when they're growing up."
383	"Capricorns also tend to see things in black-and-white, favoring one side of a situation."
384	"Libras are the zodiac sign most likely to understand both sides of an argument, making them effective peacemakers."
385	"All of these different traits could put them at odds on paper, but Hinata and Naruto don't let their differences stop them from growing together."
386	"Hinata and Naruto might have taken a long time to get on the same page as a couple, but once they did, they both wanted to make the other person comfortable in the relationship."
387	"According to one of the Naruto companion books, the Naruto Official Movie Guidebook, Naruto, who had no experience dating, decided to get a hand from Sai."
388	"Sai, raised in Root to ignore his own emotions, had books on human behavior to help him reintegrate into society."
389	It was there that Naruto learned he should be the one to pay on a date with Hinata.
390	He took her to a fancy restaurant for one of their first official dates but didn't anticipate exactly how much it would cost.
391	"Luckily, Hinata could see through his predicament - literally and figuratively."
392	"When she realizes that Naruto is slightly uncomfortable at their date location, she uses her Byakugan to take a peek into his wallet, noting that the restaurant is definitely out of their price range."
393	"She suggests the two go to Icihiraku Ramen instead, a staple in the series, and Naruto's favorite place."
394	"Naruto and Hinata might be beloved by a large number of the audience, but they actually aren't the most popular couple in the Naruto franchise."
395	It's easy to see which couple is the most popular by checking out fandom works on sites like Archive Of Our Own.
396	"Fans can search relationship tags, and the number of works for each relationship is listed."
397	"Across sites that catalog fandom works, there are a couple of pairings that stand out as much more popular."
398	"Canonically, the most popular couple is actually Sasuke and Sakura."
399	"Fanfiction, fanart, and cosplay for the two are prolific in the online community."
400	"The most popular couple that doesn't occur in canon also features Sasuke, but not Sakura."
401	It's the relationship between Sasuke and Naruto.
402	"Though both the Naruto manga and anime series begin with the title character already entrenched in ninja training and knowing all of the other supporting characters, the movies have fleshed out much of their backstory."
403	"In The Last: Naruto the Movie, fans got to see just how Naruto and Hinata met."
404	"In the middle of a snowy street, Hinata found herself the target of a group of bullies."
405	"The boys called Hinata a monster because of her Byakugan eyes, tormenting her while she cried, and that was when Naruto stepped in."
406	"Naruto, too young to have had any of the training seen later in the series, stands up to the three other boys and is beaten soundly for it."
407	"In fact, Naruto winds up unconscious, and it’s his actions attempting to save her that first cause Hinata to admire his courage."
408	"Neither of them has the skills necessary to stop the bullies at that point, but the two go on to train for the rest of their childhoods, saving one another repeatedly."
409	"Hinata might spend much of her formative years being saved by Naruto and other friends, but she grows into a fighter just as strong as him."
410	One of the many similarities Hinata and Naruto share is that they didn’t have the easiest childhood.
411	"Though their experiences were different in many ways, their rough upbringing drew them to one another."
412	Naruto’s childhood was more brutal than most.
413	"With the spirit of a demon sealed inside his body, the majority of his village looked at him as an outsider and a threat."
414	"Add to that the fact that he lost his parents and had no other family to help him, and Naruto lived a life of isolation and loneliness."
415	"He spent much of his time acting out, being the most vocal one in the room, and drawing attention to himself."
416	"While Hinata grew up with her family, her childhood was just as difficult."
417	"She was the heir to the Hyuga Clan, a prominent ninja family."
418	"More gentle than the rest of her family, she didn’t take well to their difficult training regimen."
419	"Her father was also hard on her, criticizing her timid personality and pushing her to change her ways."
420	"The more he drilled his own ideas into her head though, the further Hinata shrunk into herself."
421	"Unlike Naruto, who longed to stand out on his own terms, Hinata tried to make herself blend in."
422	The two grew to balance one another out.
423	Hinata spent much of her childhood with everyone telling her that she wasn’t strong enough to become a ninja.
424	"She spent a lot of time internalizing everyone else’s opinion of her, allowing their ideas to influence how she acted in a confrontation, losing every fight as a result."
425	Naruto was the first one to have any faith in her abilities.
426	"When Hinata was selected to battle her cousin Neji in the chunin exams, none of the other ninjas in training believed she has what it took to beat him."
427	Neji spent the entirety of the match talking down to her and reminding her that she’s not as powerful as him.
428	"It’s only Naruto, watching from the sidelines, who cheers Hinata on and has faith in her."
429	"Naruto’s faith in her keeps her from backing down, and it’s the first time she stands her ground in a fight instead of giving up, surprising all of those who have trained with her."
430	"When Hinata is introduced in both the manga and the anime, her hair is cut very short compared to the other female characters, and especially the characters in her own family."
431	The reasoning here is twofold.
432	"In ancient Japanese culture, when a woman brought disgrace to their family, they were made to cut their hair."
433	"Hinata’s father, who considered her a failure as his heir to the main house of the clan Hyuuga, essentially disowned her and placed her little sister in line to run the clan one day."
434	Fans have theorized that he made Hinata cut her hair short before he washed his hands of her.
435	"On the other hand, there’s another reason that links back to her romantic interest as well."
436	"In the manga, it’s revealed that Sasuke has a thing for long hair, and so many of the girls attending the Academy want to get his attention that they spend a lot of time styling their long hair."
437	"To show that Sasuke isn’t the one who holds her attention, Hinata’s hair is cropped short."
438	It’s a subtle way of making sure Naruto knows she isn’t interested in someone else.
439	"As the manga (and the anime) series grew, Hinata’s hair became longer over time."
440	"Not only did this mark her growing up and growing closer to Naruto, but it also marked her learning not to place stock in what other people thought of her."
441	"During the Fourth Shinobi World War in the manga, the ninjas that readers watched grow up were put into even more perilous situations than usual."
442	The anime did the same.
443	"It wasn’t all massive battles, though."
444	There were also some pretty interesting schemes in hopes of getting residents of the Hidden Leaf Village to reveal their secrets.
445	"One arc, in particular, saw Zetsu imitate many of the beloved characters."
446	"Zetsu were, for all intents and purposes, shapeshifting walking zombies."
447	"The Zetsu used to be ninjas with distinct personalities, but their lives were lost during experiments that left them as part of the mystical god tree."
448	They were able to emerge from it and masquerade as others.
449	Hinata was one of them.
450	The chief way the Zetsu decided to convince residents of the village that it was Hinata?
451	That would be by making it very clear just how much affection she held for Naruto.
452	"Eventually, her teammates figured it out, but Kiba couldn’t resist teasing her that the biggest secret the Zetsu almost got was how much Hinata cared about Naruto."
453	The addition of the Zetsu to the confrontation made everyone in the battles suspicious of who could be friend or foe.
454	"After Hinata was impersonated by one, she was also attacked by others."
455	"Naruto saved her from the attack, but her friends weren’t so sure he was the real Naruto."
456	"Instead, her cousin Neji insisted that the Naruto that saved her and joined their ranks could be a Zetsu trying to earn their trust."
457	"Hinata, however, disagreed."
458	"According to Hinata, all she had to do was look into Naruto’s eyes to know it was him."
459	"Throughout the arc, that idea became a recurring theme for the two."
460	"Hinata believed that, even with her special power of sight, it was Naruto’s eyes that would tell her the truth."
461	"Naruto echoed the sentiment later: he could always see the truth in Hinata, which was sweet but didn’t help him when people suspected him of being a shapeshifter."
462	Hinata spent some time apologizing not only for others mistrusting him but also for Naruto having to deal with the suspicion.
463	The arc ended up being resolved with the help of both Naruto and Hinata.
464	Naruto’s ability to see through things and Hinata’s eyes combined helped them both come to the truth about what was happening.
465	"The story of the two who fell in love in a world filled with political intrigue, battles, and internal struggle still captivated fans even years after the manga finished."
466	"That said, the show’s ending didn’t completely resolve everything."
467	"Naruto and Hinata had a brief break from the ninja life to enjoy some romance, but the series’ epilogue and Naruto Gaiden that followed revealed the two were well into their married life."
468	"The sequel series, Boruto: Naruto Next Generations, also carries on their story with their children, but the rest of their romantic saga isn’t fully revealed."
469	"Fans of Hinata and Naruto might not have had their perfect ending yet, but they have watched as the two grew up and became the couple everyone dreamed they would be."
