
Democrats have been in full panic mode about President Biden’s candidacy and ability to beat Donald Trump since Biden’s dismal debate performance last week.
In an effort to quell that concern, Biden sat for a network TV interview with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos Friday night.
Did it work? That will become clearer in coming days, but here are six takeaways from the interview:
1. He was better than in the debate, but Biden’s age is clearly showing. 
Biden may have calmed some nerves among some political allies with the interview, but he didn’t show the facility and coherence that Democrats would have wanted to see. His thoughts were, at times, scattered and less than clear.
“I just had a bad night,” Biden said of the debate. “I don’t know why.”
He said he had been traveling in the weeks prior, had a cold, even tested for COVID.
Will Democratic officials and, more importantly, persuadable voters buy that and believe he is up for four more years in office? Biden insists he is up to the job, but his age is clearly showing even more than it has in the past year or so — and at exactly the wrong time. Going into the debate, the bar of expectations was very low. All Biden had to do to clear it was show some energy and vigor. He didn’t do it. And now the bar has been raised. Every public appearance, speech and debate (if there even is another one) is going to be magnified.
2. Biden showed his stubbornness, for good or ill.
Biden again reiterated that he’s not getting out of the race, and even went so far as to claim that essentially no one else could do the job as well as he is doing it or be a better candidate against Trump.
Biden downplayed questions about his political standing, doubts about his ability to lead or to defeat Trump. “I’ve seen it from the press.” “I don’t think the vast majority are there.” “I don’t believe that’s my approval rating.”
He was deflecting and rationalizing away his vulnerabilities, but understanding why Biden hasn’t stepped aside is to understand his politics and the core of who he is as a person. He has faced myriad challenges personally and politically, and those obstacles have defined who he is. Biden is used to people telling him he can’t or he shouldn’t do something, and he believes the naysayers have long been wrong. 
Of course, those obstacles are all very different from the one he currently faces, because Father Time is undefeated.
Historian Douglas Brinkley once said of former President George W. Bush, “Stubbornness is a positive quality of presidential leadership—if you’re right about what you’re stubborn about.”
The same can be said about Biden or any president, for that matter.
3. Only the “Lord Almighty” could force Biden from the race — or maybe his closest allies in Democratic leadership.
“If the Lord Almighty came down and said, ‘Joe, get out of the race,’ I’d get out of the race,” Biden said. “The Lord Almighty’s not coming down.”
Yes, a second coming to tell Biden to drop out is unlikely to happen, but Biden did seem to leave the door slightly ajar to exiting if his top congressional allies called for it, namely House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Rep. Jim Clyburn and Senate leader Chuck Schumer.
To be clear, none has called for him to drop out, though Pelosi changed her tune and said it’s a legitimate question to ask whether Biden’s performance was an “episode” or a “condition.”
“If you are told reliably from your allies, from your friends and supporters in the Democratic Party in the House and Senate, that they’re concerned you’re going to lose the House and the Senate if you stay in, what will you do?” Stephanopoulos asked Biden.
“I’m not going to answer that question,” Biden said. “It’s not going to happen.”
So it appears Biden’s future in this race is not his alone.
4. There’s a question of whether Biden thinks Vice President Harris can win or do the job as well.
“I don't think anybody's more qualified to be president or win this race than me,” Biden contended.
He later asked, incredulously, who else would have the “reach” he has with allies and whether anyone else could handle foreign policy as well as he can — even though he’s clearly diminished from what he was even a few years ago.
Not even, say, his vice president? Stephanopoulos didn’t follow up with that, but it was curious. Sure, anyone running for office should think no one could do the job better, but how close Biden has kept Harris lately — even hoisting her arm in the air at a Fourth of July event as if she had just won a boxing match — and given the questions about his age, it’s worth wondering whether it’s inherent in his answer that he doesn’t have the confidence in Harris to actually do the job or win?
5. This is a critical week for polls. 
We are now entering week two after the debate. It usually takes a couple of weeks for public opinion to solidify. Polls this week have shown Biden hurt by the debate — the degree to which is debatable.
So, this is an important period for whether Biden can weather this storm or not. There are Democrats firmly behind Biden certainly. But many, if not most, others are biting their nails and waiting to see what the polls say.
If he is where he was before the debate, it will help shore up support. If he slips further behind Trump, there will be more Democrats calling for him to step aside.
6. This whole episode shows the stark difference between the Democratic and Republican parties.
That Democrats have raised as many questions as they have about Biden’s viability shows a huge difference between the major parties.
One party, the GOP, doesn’t seem to care if two dozen women have accused their nominee of sexual assault, don’t care if he ran a fraudulent foundation and a sham “university,” don’t care if he paid off a porn star, don’t care if he lies repeatedly, and don’t care if he was impeached twice or was convicted on almost three dozen felony counts.
The Democratic Party, on the other hand, is concerned about… Biden’s age, not his character or priorities for the country.
It’s something that has irked people, like John Fetterman, the brusque Pennsylvania senator.
“Democrats need to get a spine or grow a set—one or the other,” he wrote on X. “Joe Biden is our guy.”

As the first night of the Republican National Convention unfolded, President Biden sat for a new televised interview where he pushed back when asked about whether he needed to do more to convince his party that he’s got what it takes to run for a second term.
Since the attempted assassination of former President Donald Trump on Saturday, the steady drumbeat of public calls from Democrats in Congress for Biden to step back from the presidential race has receded.
And Biden told NBC’s Lester Holt that he is resolved to continue his reelection bid, despite faltering badly in his debate against Trump last month.
Holt asked the president who he listens to when it comes to “deeply personal decisions,” like whether to continue campaigning.
“Me,” Biden said.
“I’m old,” Biden later said, acknowledging that he understands questions about his age.
For updates from the 2024 RNC in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, head to the NPR Network's live updates page.
“But I’m only three years older than Trump, No. 1. And No. 2, my mental acuity has been pretty damn good. I’ve gotten more done than any president has in a long time in 3½ years. I’m willing to be judged on that.”
Holt asked Biden if he had watched tape of the debate. ”I was there,” Biden said. “I didn’t have to see it, I was there.”
Holt asked if Biden would be willing to debate Trump again before an agreed-upon second debate in September – a chance, Holt suggested, to “get back on the horse?”
“I’m on the horse!” Biden said, describing the flurry of events he has done since the debate to try to show it was just one bad night. “Where have you been? I’ve done 22 major events and thousands of people, overwhelming crowds. A lot’s happening.”
Biden’s own rhetoric is now being scrutinized, too
Biden said he spoke with Trump after the shooting, describing the call as “very cordial” and said he told his predecessor “he was literally in the prayers of Jill and me.”
“I hope his whole family was weathering this,” Biden added.
Biden gave an Oval Office address on Sunday where he called on Americans to “lower the temperature in our politics.”
Asked if he had done soul-searching about whether his own words could incite violence, Biden said it was Trump who had used inflammatory language — not him.
“Look, how do you talk about the threat to democracy — which is real — when a president says things like he says? Do you just not say anything, because it might incite somebody?” Biden said.
“I’m not the guy that said I want to be a dictator on day one. I’m not the guy who refused to accept the outcome of the election,” Biden said as examples of the kind of statements Trump has made.
Biden did say it was a “mistake” to say it’s time to put Trump in the bullseye on a recent campaign call.
But he repeatedly directed blame back at Trump and his own comments, from his first campaign for president in 2016 to remarks about the Jan. 6 insurrection.
Holt later asked Biden if the assassination attempt had changed the trajectory of the race.
“I don’t know,” Biden said. “And you don’t know either.”
Copyright 2024 NPR

Joe Biden speaks about economic recovery during a campaign event at Colonial Early Education Program at the Colwyck Center in July. In an interview with Stephen Colbert, the president-elect defended his son Hunter, whose tax affairs are under investigation.
President-elect Joe Biden told Stephen Colbert he is "not concerned" about accusations against his son Hunter Biden amid the investigation by federal prosecutors into his son's tax affairs.
Colbert asked Biden about people in Washington who "are going to try to use your adult son as a cudgel against you," during The Late Show With Stephen Colbert that aired Thursday night.
"We have great confidence in our son," said Biden, who appeared alongside his wife, Jill Biden. "I am not concerned about any accusations that have been made against him. It's used to get to me. I think it's kind of foul play, but look, it is what it is."
Colbert asked Biden if he'd be able to work with Republicans who use the issue as political ammunition: "In terms of your job as president, can you reach across the aisle to people who'll be using this as an attack on you when it is such a personal attack because it's about family?"
Biden answered: "If it benefits the country, yes. I really mean it."
Critics of Biden have often used Biden's son as fodder against his campaign. Hunter Biden, 50, revealed last week he is under a federal investigation over his taxes.
"I take this matter very seriously," the president-elect's son said in a statement. "But I am confident that a professional and objective review of these matters will demonstrate that I handled my affairs legally and appropriately."
During the interview, the president-elect also addressed the coronavirus pandemic and said he believed that by next Christmas the situation in the U.S. will be back to normal or "awfully close."
During the show, Jill Biden directly addressed a recent op-ed that targeted her doctorate and use of the prefix "Dr." in her name.
The op-ed, published by The Wall Street Journal and written by former magazine editor Joseph Epstein, was decried as misogynistic by many for its tone and content.
"That was such a surprise," Jill Biden told Colbert, remarking on the biting tone of the piece. "You know, he called me 'kiddo.' One of the things that I'm most proud of is my doctorate. I mean, I worked so hard for it."

