Content	Keywords
Realizing Hinata would never do something like that, Naruto nearly agrees, though he does ask her why she would let him cheat off her paper.
"He does care..."
In reply, Hinata shyly states that it would be nice for all of the
nine rookie ninja
to stay together. Naruto smiled, and was about to cheat off her test, only to stop himself at the last moment, as he saw the instructor watching him	ninja, naruto, hinata
Finally, Naruto decided not to cheat off her paper, and tells Hinata the reason for him refusing was because not only would he get in trouble, but she would as well. Blushing, Hinata thinks to herself, "
He does care.
" During the second phase of the Chūnin Exams, Hinata signs the paper that
Anko Mitarashi
, their proctor, had told them to sign, alone by herself in the back	mitarashi, naruto, hinata
Seeing her, Naruto asks Hinata why she is by herself. Replying she was fine, Hinata sees a cut on Naruto's face	naruto, hinata
Wanting to give Naruto her healing ointment, she starts to dig in her pocket. However, before she can hand the item to Naruto, he leaves.
Hinata gives ointment to Naruto.
After Naruto and Kiba's fight during the preliminary matches, Hinata attempts again to give him some of her ointment	kiba, naruto, hinata, kiba
She almost fails, due to Naruto not knowing what she was holding, but
Kurenai Yuhi
aids Hinata, explaining what the ointment was for. Accepting the ointment, Naruto smiles, thanking Hinata.
Naruto cheering for Hinata.
When Hinata's turn to fight comes, she is matched against
Neji Hyuga
, her cousin	hyuga, neji, naruto, hinata
Though she is discouraged by Kiba and advised to back down from the match, Hinata refuses to do so. Hinata is quickly put down by Neji who continually calls her worthless and tells her that she will always be unable to change herself	kiba, neji, hinata, kiba
However, Naruto shows obvious disagreement and shouts in Hinata's defense. Telling Neji that Hinata will change during their fight, Naruto tells Hinata to defeat Neji	neji, naruto, hinata
Hinata silently thanks Naruto in her thoughts and the match begins.
While observing the match, and seeing Hinata refuse to admit defeat after being dealt a hard blow, Naruto comments that Hinata was tough. Rock Lee comments that Hinata was a lot like him.
Sakura Haruno
echoes this statement, mentioning to Naruto that Hinata was always watching him.
Throughout the match, Naruto cheers for Hinata	sakura, naruto, hinata
As Hinata is brutally injured by Neji, Naruto solemnly recalls her previous statement of wishing to change herself.
Naruto's vow to Neji using Hinata's blood.
After Hinata is beaten, she lies on the floor, due to Neji's internal hits. Yelling her name, Naruto rushes to her side	neji, naruto, hinata
Looking at Naruto, Hinata asks him, in her thoughts, if she changed even a little before soon passing out, being carried away and taken to the hospital. With Hinata's blood still on the ground, Naruto grabs some of it, holds it out to Neji and vows to defeat him in her place.
Naruto likes people like Hinata.
Naruto is eventually partnered with Neji to fight at the final stage of the Exams	neji, naruto, hinata
However, Naruto feels unsure and discouraged about facing Neji. On his way to the match, he runs into Hinata at the training grounds, where he revealed his doubts to her	neji, naruto, hinata
However, Hinata admits that she admires Naruto because he is able to keep trying despite his imperfections and difficulties. Hinata's words cause Naruto to cheer up and regain his confidence	naruto, hinata
Before Naruto leaves, he tells Hinata that he once thought she was weird and plain-looking, causing Hinata to sulk. But he continues, saying that he actually really liked people like her, much to Hinata's delight.
During Naruto's fight against Neji in the finals, Hinata is seen rooting for Naruto, but due to having not yet recovered from her fight with Neji, she faints and misses the rest of the fight	neji, naruto, hinata
After Neji talks about his personal life, Naruto stands up for Hinata by saying that he's not the only one who is special, and that Hinata suffered as much as he did. After winning the match, in his head Naruto wonders where Hinata was and if she was watching.
Sasuke Recovery Mission Arc
Hinata is shown watching Naruto as he leaves the village, silently vowing to become stronger as he has.
Part II
Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission Arc
Hinata, not having seen Naruto in two and a half years, hides behind a fence upon first seeing Naruto	neji, sasuke, naruto, hinata
Realizing Hinata's location, Naruto greets her, causing her to faint.
Itachi Pursuit Mission Arc
When news reaches
Konoha
that
Sasuke Uchiha
killed
Orochimaru
,
Team 8
is sent on a mission alongside
Team 7
to find
Itachi Uchiha
and then Sasuke.
Kakashi Hatake
summons his ninken and divides the team into groups. Hinata is put in Naruto's group and, blushing, says, "
Let's work together Naruto-kun.
"
Naruto and Hinata are approached by
Kabuto Yakushi
, who explains that he wanted to see Naruto	konoha, orochimaru, kakashi, sasuke, naruto, hinata, kabuto, itachi
Seeing Kabuto, Hinata asks what he wants with Naruto. Kabuto reveals that he wanted to give Naruto a book containing Orochimaru's information on the
Akatsuki
.
Fated Battle Between Brothers
The relieved Hinata.
Later, the team regroups and Kiba is able to find Sasuke's trail	orochimaru, kiba, sasuke, battle, naruto, hinata, akatsuki, kabuto, kiba
On their way to Sasuke's location, a worried Hinata warns Naruto, trying to tell him that there is someone around. They then come across
Tobi
, who stops them from going farther towards Sasuke's area	sasuke, naruto, hinata
A battle ensues, and Naruto is knocked into a pond. Hinata is shown to be worried and then relieved after seeing Naruto stand.
Pain's Assault Arc
Hinata protects Naruto.
After realizing Naruto was fighting the Akatsuki's leader,
Pain
, alone, Hinata attempts to aid him in his battle	battle, naruto, hinata, akatsuki
However, she is halted by
Kō
, who tells her that she will only be a burden to Naruto. Hinata seemingly accepts his words, but after Naruto is pierced to the ground by Pain, Hinata immediately rushes to his side, despite knowing the grim odds	naruto, hinata
Naruto pleads with Hinata, telling her to flee for the sake of her own life, but Hinata refuses. She tells him that she is unafraid of death; If it is to protect him, she has no worry	naruto, hinata
She then finally confesses her love to him, which shocks Naruto. Hinata proceeds to attack Pain, but is easily defeated before being pierced by one of his rods	naruto, hinata, love
After seeing Hinata get stabbed, Naruto becomes enraged and transforms into the
Kyubi
, growing six tails and later nine.
Sakura realizing Hinata's love for Naruto.
Afterwards, Naruto regains his consciousness and stares at the destroyed Hidden Leaf. After being informed of the situation, Naruto sees the area that he destroyed while possessed by the Nine-Tails	sakura, kyubi, naruto, hinata, love
A horrified Naruto then remembers Hinata and wonders if he killed her and the villagers. In his worry, Naruto tightly clutches at his chest, but is able to then sense her chakra.
Katsuyu
notifies him that no villagers had been harmed and, shedding tears of relief, Naruto repeatedly mutters "
Thank God
"	chakra, naruto, hinata
Hinata is shown being healed by Sakura, who notes her feelings for Naruto.
When Naruto informs the Great Toad Sage of all the times he had let the Kyubi take over his body, he mentions that when he saw Hinata get stabbed by Pain he became so full of rage, he allowed the Nine-Tails to take over his body without thinking.
Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Arc
Naruto saving Hinata.
When Hinata attacks three White Zetsus, Naruto appears and protects her from them. Hinata is surprised at his appearance, but Naruto only asks if she is alright	shinobi, sakura, kyubi, naruto, hinata
The two fight more, with Naruto defeating several more White Zetsus until Neji appears. He shows distrust, showing suspicion to whether Naruto was a Zetsu Clone or the real thing	neji, zetsu, naruto
However, Hinata tells her cousin that she is able to tell it is Naruto by looking into his eyes. When Hinata becomes distressed, Naruto, being able to sense her negative feelings, reminds her that she is strong, remembering her bravery when fighting Pain and mentions being able to see everything in her eyes.
Hinata cheers on Naruto.
When Naruto has a conversation with the Kyubi about the hatred of an entire war and Sasuke, Naruto remembers him and Sasuke in their academy days	sasuke, kyubi, naruto, hinata
Naruto thinks of the time he and Sasuke were set to spar with each other in the Academy. Hinata is shown cheering for Naruto, but her voice is drowned out by the other girls cheering for Sasuke.
After being informed by
Inoichi
from headquarters that Naruto and
Killer B
were fighting the "masked Madara", Hinata and the rest of the Konoha 11 rushed to his aid	konoha, madara, sasuke, naruto, hinata, inoichi
As she ran alongside Neji, she thought of Naruto and asked him to wait for her, and that instead of running after him, she'd be walking with him, hand-in-hand, once the war had ended.
Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax Arc
Kiba talks with Naruto about Hinata.
After arriving at the battlefield to assist in the fight against the Ten-Tails, Hinata immediately asks Naruto if he is alright. As Naruto shouts to everyone in acknowledgement of their arrival, Kiba smiles and yells to Naruto, saying he shouldn't act tough just because of Hinata's presence	shinobi, kiba, neji, naruto, hinata, kiba
When the
Hyuga clan
arrives at the battlefield, the entire clan firmly states they will protect Naruto. When Hinata stands with Neji and declares to Naruto that they will protect him, Naruto shouts her name in surprise.
Hinata encouraging Naruto.
During one of the Ten-Tail's attacks, it sends thousands of sharp spikes careening through the air and onto the ground	hyuga, neji, naruto, hinata
One of these attacks heads towards Naruto and Hinata steps in front of him with the intention of being struck instead, willing to risk and sacrifice her life for his own. However, Neji instead is hit when he throws himself in front of Hinata, causing extreme damage to his body	neji, naruto, hinata
His life quickly fading, Neji tells Naruto that his life is not his own anymore, but everyone's, as all of the shinobi were willing to sacrifice their lives for his. After Neji's death, Obito taunts Naruto, mocking his resolve, pointing out how he said he wouldn't let any of his friends die	shinobi, obito, neji, naruto
Obito offers Naruto a hand, persuading him to lose hope, but Naruto is stopped by Hinata, who slaps him across the face, reminding him of Neji's words. Hinata reiterates to Naruto their shared nindo of never going back on their word	obito, neji, naruto, hinata, nindo
Regaining himself, Naruto thanks Hinata for being by his side, takes her hand, and transfers chakra to her and the rest of the Allied Forces.
Naruto and Hinata holding hands.
After receiving the chakra from Naruto, Hinata deflects one of the Ten-Tails' attacks with her 8 trigrams 64 palms. As Naruto, Hinata, and Lee as well as the rest of the Allied Forces charge at Madara and Obito, Naruto attempts to throw his Rasenshuriken, but finds that his arm is still dislocated	obito, madara, chakra, naruto, hinata
Hinata quickly uses her Gentle Palm to relocate Naruto's shoulder, allowing him to throw his attack at Obito.
Hinata wants to be by Naruto's side.
Later during the battle, as Hinata fights some of the Ten-Tails spawns, she nearly fails to complete her combo. However, she has a flashback, and it was revealed that Naruto was smiling at her during the time they were holding hands	obito, battle, naruto, hinata
After the flashback, she says to herself that she wants to be by Naruto's side forever, and that she has figured the trick in connecting her attack and successfully completes her 64 palm combo.
As Naruto charges ahead into the battlefield, Hinata stays behind with the troops and is seen watching him with her
Byakugan
. At one point, Sakura asks Hinata about Sasuke and Naruto to which the Hyuga calmly replies that the two were, "
smiling
".
Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki
After the attack of the God Tree had calmed, Naruto's memories and emotions are transferred into the troops	sakura, byakugan, hyuga, sasuke, naruto, hinata
Hinata is then shown to sympathize with him by muttering his name. When everyone talks of wanting to be by Naruto's side, Hinata notes to herself that she must also work hard, for she wants the same.
Sensing Naruto's presence as he is brought by
Gaara
, Hinata quickly turns around in curiosity	naruto, hinata
Assured by Kiba that Naruto is near by, she quickly activates her Byakugan and notices his slow heartbeat. Scared at the thought of Naruto dying, she rushes to his side	byakugan, kiba, naruto, kiba
However, she trips. Clenching to herself, out of exhaustion, she prays for Neji to protect Naruto.
Hinata's dream.
As the Infinite Tsukuyomi genjutsu begins, Hinata is one of the many caught	neji, naruto, hinata, genjutsu, genjutsu
Stating that she can no longer move, she mentally calls out Naruto's name as she descends into the genjutsu. When she is finally caught within her dream, Neji and
Hanabi
are shown spying on both her and Naruto while they seemingly are together as a happy couple.
Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes
Hinata and Naruto mourning Neji.
Hinata and everyone else was then released by Naruto and Sasuke from the Infinite Tsukuyomi	kaguya, neji, sasuke, naruto, hinata, genjutsu, hanabi, kaguya, genjutsu
Later, at Konoha, a memorial service is held for Neji. Naruto and Hinata attend Neji's funeral and they can be seen standing near each other.
Blank Period
Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky
Over a year after the war has ended, Naruto employs some of his friends to spread rumors about Kakashi as revenge for being left out of Kakashi's latest adventure at Hozuki Castle	konoha, kakashi, neji, naruto, hinata
Naruto says that he wishes he could have been there to help, since Kakashi was fighting for his life and all the others had gotten to participate. Hinata is one of the friends who agrees to help Naruto spread the rumor.
When Kakashi finds out, he hits Naruto on the head and scolds him	kakashi, naruto, hinata
Hinata runs over to Naruto to ask if he is alright, admonishing Kakashi for being mean to him. The others join in, jokingly admonishing Kakashi until he agrees to buy Naruto some ramen as an apology.
The Last: Naruto the Movie
Young Naruto and Hinata.
At the beginning of the movie, a young Hinata is seen being bullied by three older boys	kakashi, naruto, hinata
Upon being called a monster because of her Byakugan eyes, breaking into tears, Naruto, who is sitting on a swing nearby, comes to defend Hinata. However, he is easily beaten up and passes out	byakugan, naruto, hinata
The boys then take his red scarf and begins playing and stomping on it. Waking up, Naruto realize the boys are gone, Hinata approaches Naruto and asks if he was okay, also offering Naruto his scarf back	naruto, hinata
However, Naruto replies that the scarf was really wrecked so he didn't need it. Before Naruto left the scene, the young Hinata thanks Naruto and he bids her a goodbye	naruto, hinata
Upon watching his departure, Hinata is shown to still hold onto the scarf. In the academy,
Iruka
asks his students to write on a piece of paper the name of the person they would want to be with if the world was going to end tomorrow	hinata, iruka
The class then erupted into laughter due to Naruto's comment. When the students finally picked up their pencils and started writing, Naruto who couldn't think of anyone to write, folded his paper into a plane paper and throw it outside the window	naruto
As Iruka scolds Naruto for throwing the paper, Hinata looks at Naruto and writes something down on her paper.
Hinata knitting the scarf every night.
In the present timeline of the movie, in the evening, Hinata can be seen coming out from a shop, proceeding to walk home. At the same time, Naruto who was having ramen at
Ramen Ichiraku
is approached by Konohamaru, who tells Naruto that he has something to show him	naruto, hinata, iruka, konohamaru
At night time, in the Hyuga mansion, Hinata is shown knitting a red scarf, remembering the time Naruto defended her from the three bullies, also revealing she had kept his old one from that time. Hinata later meets Sakura when she comes out from a shop in the evening	sakura, hyuga, naruto, hinata
Curious, Sakura asks if Hinata was knitting something to which Hinata replies that she was making a scarf. They then can be seen chatting in a café	sakura, hinata
Sakura tells Hinata that Naruto has been really popular with girls recently and some have even come from other villages just to meet him. Sakura then encourages Hinata to hurry and finish the scarf, also telling her to be more confident	sakura, naruto, hinata
It is then revealed that Hinata has been knitting the red scarf every night. At one night, Naruto is seen standing at the window as he holds a blue-striped scarf in his room filled with presents.
Hanabi teases Hinata.
When Hinata finished knitting the scarf, she happily runs down the stairs to leave and give the scarf to Naruto but begins to hesitate	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Seeing this, Hanabi teases Hinata, telling her to hurry up and just tell Naruto how she feels. When Hinata’s stomach suddenly rumbles, Hanabi teases her again saying that Naruto will laugh at her if her stomach rumbles in the middle of the confession	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Hinata then leaves to give the scarf to Naruto.
At the meantime, Naruto was having ramen with Sakura and
Team 10
. Upon taking off his scarf, Sakura begins to wonders why Naruto was so concerned about it	sakura, naruto, hinata
Upon wanting to ask about it, she is stopped by Hinata's appearance. Naruto then asks Hinata to join them for ramen and says it's his treat since he had a good day	naruto, hinata
Seeing Hinata's hesitation, Sakura also asks Hinata to join them and moves over to let Hinata sit next to Naruto. When Hinata takes the seat,
Naruto's fangirls
appear and Naruto treats them ramen the same way he treated Hinata	sakura, naruto, hinata
Hinata then says that she's already full and decides to leave. Sakura then tells Naruto to walk Hinata home to which Naruto asks why and says that Hinata is strong so she can walk home herself	sakura, naruto, hinata
Hearing this, Hinata then leaves. Sakura gets angry and leaves after she calls Naruto an idiot.
Sakura walks with Hinata and says that Naruto can be so dense	sakura, naruto, hinata
Sakura then asks Hinata if she is going to give him the scarf and tells her to be more confident in herself. Hinata then asks Sakura why she is encouraging her so much to which Sakura replies that they need to support each other after she reminisces about Sasuke	sakura, sasuke, hinata
When Hinata reaches her house, she decides to go and give the scarf to Naruto. Later, various masked puppet breaks into the Hyuuga house and kidnaps Hanabi.
Hinata's face turns red and runs away because she feels embarrassed.
Hinata can be seen practicing her confession to hand over the scarf to Naruto in an empty street	naruto, hinata, hanabi
When she was about to practice again, Naruto appears and goes to talk with Hinata. Hinata becomes upset when she sees Naruto wearing a blue-striped scarf	naruto, hinata
When Hinata’s stomach rumbles, Naruto invites her to eat ramen in his apartment. Hinata's face turns red and she runs away because she feels embarrassed.
Hinata can be seen sitting alone on a swing in a park and wonders who gave Naruto the blue-striped scarf	naruto, hinata
Hinata then cries with her tears falling on her red scarf.
Toneri
suddenly appears in front of Hinata and asks why she is crying. Naruto hears Hinata’s scream and rushes to where Hinata is	naruto, hinata, toneri
When Naruto reaches the park, he sees a puppet holding Hinata as Toneri casts something on her. Toneri and the puppet then disappear, taking Hinata with them	naruto, hinata, toneri
An army of puppets attack Naruto and he beats them up along the way as he chases the puppet that took Hinata away. Naruto manages to defeat the puppet and Hinata falls down from the roof	naruto, hinata
Luckily, her scarf gets caught on the side of the building, stopping her from falling. Naruto continues his fight with the puppet after he asks Hinata if she is okay	naruto, hinata
Hinata climbs up the building but her body suddenly becomes numb and she falls from the roof when the scarf is ripped. Naruto finishes his fight and catches Hinata.
On the roof top, Naruto comments that the scarf is ripped	naruto, hinata
Toneri reappears and says he will definitely be back for Hinata and then disappears. After Toneri disappears, a giant meteor falls down from the sky and lands behind the Hokage monument	hokage, hinata, toneri
Naruto and Hinata look in amazement.
Hinata blushes.
The next day, Naruto, Hinata, Sakura, Sai and Shikamaru; with him leading the team, are sent on a mission to save Hanabi. The team set out on their journey on Sai’s ink birds and they split up to search for clues	sakura, naruto, hinata, hanabi, sai, shikamaru
Naruto and Hinata are on the same ink bird. When Hinata finds Hanabi’s kunai and wants to put it in her bag, Naruto sees the red scarf and asks her why she didn’t wear it since it is snowing	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Hinata blushes and says they need to get back to the team and tells Shikamaru and the others about the kunai. The team continue their search together and Hinata, who is using her Byakugan, sees a glowing lake in a cave.
Red Scarf of Fate.
When they reach the cave, the team decides to dive into the lake because Hinata’s Byakugan is distorted	byakugan, hinata, shikamaru
Before they dive in, Naruto takes off his scarf so it will not get wet. Sakura asks Naruto why it matters if the scarf gets wet to which Naruto replies that it is a big deal because the scarf means a lot to him	sakura, naruto
Hinata becomes upset after hearing this. Sai then comments that Naruto doesn’t need to worry about the scarf because he doesn’t get wet when he touch the water	naruto, hinata, sai
They then dive into water and fall into a genjutsu that makes them reminisce their memories. Naruto flashes back to the time when Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end, then he flashes back to the time he fights Kiba during the Chunin Exams, and then he flashes back to the time when Hinata gives him her family's ointment as she blushes	chunin, kiba, naruto, hinata, kiba, genjutsu, iruka, genjutsu
Meanwhile, Hinata flashes back to the time Naruto fought Pain alone. Not knowing her bag is open, Hinata’s scarf floats out from her bag and wraps around Naruto, allowing him to see Hinata’s memories.
Naruto in Hinata's memory.
In Hinata’s memories, Naruto sees the time when she protects him from Pain and confesses her feelings to him	naruto, hinata
Next, Naruto sees the time when Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end. Naruto watches his younger self get scolded by Iruka	naruto, iruka
When Naruto turns to look at the young Hinata, he is surprised to see that she had written down his name as the person she would want to be with on her last day on earth. Then, Naruto sees Sakura walks with Hinata and she encourage her to give him the scarf she knitted	sakura, naruto, hinata
Later, Naruto sees Sakura and Hinata talking about him in the café. The scene then cuts to Hinata, leaving from Ramen Ichiraku after hearing Naruto not willing to walk her home	sakura, naruto, hinata
Naruto chases after Hinata and the paper with his name written on it falls to him and he then sees Hinata in her Shippuden form, saying to him that she loves him. This makes Naruto finally realize that Hinata has loved him for so long	shippuden, naruto, hinata
Sakura then wakes Naruto up from the genjutsu. As the team continues to move to the other surface of the lake, Shikamaru explains that the genjutsu is a trap set by the enemy to shuts intruders away in a world of memories.
Naruto protects Hinata.
When they reach the other surface, Shikamaru, Sai and Sakura dive into the other lake	sakura, naruto, hinata, genjutsu, genjutsu, sai, shikamaru
Hinata was about to dive in but she sees Naruto didn’t make a move so she stops and asks him what is wrong. Naruto wants to ask about Hinata's memories but changes his mind and dives into the lake	naruto, hinata
Toneri appears when Hinata was about to dive in. Toneri calls Hinata the Byakugan Princess and asks her to marry him	byakugan, hinata, toneri
When Naruto realizes Hinata isn’t following, he swims up to the surface again. At the surface, Naruto sees Toneri and stands in front of Hinata, protecting her as he warns Toneri not to get near her	naruto, hinata, toneri
Naruto then fights and defeats Toneri, only to find out that it is just a puppet he is fighting. Meanwhile, at the other side of the surface, Shikamaru, Sakura and Sai fight and defeat a giant crab	sakura, naruto, toneri, sai, shikamaru
When the team regroups, Naruto tells Hinata that he will never let her out of his sight again and looks away. Sakura says to Naruto that he is already looking away to which Naruto denies	sakura, naruto, hinata
When they get out of the cave, they were surprised to see a floating island in the sky. Shikamaru says that it is not the island floating in the sky but the surface of the ocean is warped and he also says the sun in the sky is man-made	shikamaru
The team carries on with their mission on Sai’s ink birds. The team rests at night	sai
Naruto, who is sitting on a tree, sees Hinata going somewhere into the woods. Naruto follows Hinata and he sees her knitting the scarf	naruto, hinata
Realizing that she was making it for him, he takes off his scarf.
Naruto and Hinata's alone time.
The next day, the team continues on their mission on Sai’s ink bird again and finds themselves in an abandoned Shinobi village. The team then split up to investigate the village	shinobi, naruto, hinata, sai
Naruto and Hinata investigate together in an abandoned house. Hinata walks into a spider web and blushes when Naruto helps her take off the spider web from her hair	naruto, hinata
When Hinata asks Naruto why he didn’t wear his scarf and he replies that he feels warm so he takes it off, the scene shows them having their alone time together; they walk up the village stairs together, Naruto lets Hinata drink some water from a fountain after he drinks it and he grabs her hand when she almost falls off the building. When Naruto sneezes, Hinata asks him if he is okay to which he replies that he is totally fine	naruto, hinata
Hinata laughs at Naruto and he asks her what is so funny to which she replies it is nothing. The two then walk together in the village.
Hinata helps Naruto apply the ointment.
Later, they can be seen eating ramen together in an abandoned house	naruto, hinata
Naruto walks into a spider web when he wants to goes to take a leak and hurts his back after he trips. Hinata gives him an ointment and he comments that she gave him some ointment before during the Chunin Exams	chunin, naruto, hinata
Naruto tries to apply the ointment himself but cannot reach it so Hinata help him apply the ointment instead. When Hinata wants to tell something to Naruto about Toneri’s puppet, Sai appears and says they need Hinata to check out on something.
Sai brings them to an ancient temple	naruto, hinata, toneri, sai
When they went inside the ancient temple, an underground passageway opens after Hinata heard a voice saying, “Byakugan Princess”. A masked man appears when they went into the underground passageway	byakugan, hinata
Naruto step in front of Hinata and protects her as he warns the masked man to get away from her. The masked man calls Hinata the Byakugan Princess and spits a bright ball of light out his mouth, through which Hinata catches a glimpse of a flashback about the
Tenseigan
and faints	byakugan, naruto, hinata
The masked man then shatters into pieces.
At night, Hinata is seen knitting the red scarf again. Naruto, who is hiding behind the wall, comes out and asks Hinata about what she saw before she fainted and what she wants to say about Toneri’s puppet	naruto, hinata, toneri
Hinata apologizes and says she wants to be alone.
The next day, the team finds another abandoned village and they split up to investigate. Naruto looks at Hinata because she seems quiet all day	naruto, hinata
Later, during the sunset, Naruto comments that Hanabi doesn't seems to be in the village. Naruto glances at Hinata when the winds blow and gets caught up in his thoughts as he stares at her	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Naruto then tells Hinata that they should rejoin with the others.
Hinata becomes speechless after Naruto's confession.
At night, Hinata is seen knitting the scarf again somewhere in the woods with many glowing butterflies flying around the background. Naruto is standing nearby behind a tree	naruto, hinata
Naruto then approaches Hinata and she tells him that she is a mean elder sister because she is just knitting the scarf every night while her younger sister is in danger. Naruto says to Hinata that what she is saying was not true because she has come all the way just to save Hanabi and tells her not to worry because he will save Hanabi	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Hinata thanks Naruto and says that he is very kind to which he replies that he is not being kind because he loves her or anything and says it is because she is worried about Hanabi. This surprises Hinata as she asks Naruto what he just said	naruto, hinata, hanabi
Naruto then confesses to Hinata that he loves her. After hearing it, Hinata was shocked and she froze out as they both faced each other	naruto, hinata
Toneri suddenly appears and says that he has come to hear Hinata’s answer. Hinata suddenly walks up to Naruto and gives him the red scarf and leaves with Toneri as she says goodbye to him	naruto, hinata, toneri
Naruto then chases after Toneri and Hinata on Sai’s ink bird. Naruto yells at Toneri to give Hinata back to him to which he replies that Hinata is coming to him willingly and they are getting married	naruto, hinata, toneri, sai
Hinata keeps quiet when Naruto asks her whether what Toneri said is true. Toneri attacks Naruto by draining almost all of Naruto’s chakra and creating a huge hole in the ground when it hits	chakra, naruto, hinata, toneri
Toneri cast something on Hinata, which makes her slowly pass out. The broken-hearted Naruto falls towards the hole as he watches Hinata leave with Toneri and Hinata watches Naruto fall before she passed out	naruto, hinata, toneri
The red scarf is shown burned up by the blast, symbolizing their broken bond.
Hinata only thinks about Naruto.
The group rest in a cave. Sakura is seen healing a passed out Naruto	sakura, naruto, hinata
Naruto keeps groaning Hinata’s name to which Sakura says that he finally realized Hinata’s love for him. Meanwhile, Hinata is asleep at Toneri’s castle	sakura, naruto, hinata, toneri, love
Toneri comments that Hinata is beautiful and wants to know about her. Wanted to know more about Hinata, Toneri uses his power to see Hinata’s memory only to see that Hinata only thinks about Naruto.
Hinata wakes up and find herself in Toneri’s castle the next day	naruto, hinata, toneri
Hinata runs around the castle and finds Hanabi in another room. A flashback is shown about the time when a puppet Toneri appears in front of Hinata and he asks her to marry him	hinata, hanabi, toneri
In the flashback, Toneri tells Hinata that he had's taken Hanabi’s eyes and implanted them into his own. He also tells Hinata about his ancestor history and the Tenseigan	hinata, hanabi, toneri
The flashback ends at Naruto comes and stand in front of Hinata, protecting her from the puppet Toneri. Then, the scene shows Hinata looking at her unconscious younger sister and Toneri appears, saying that he is happy that she understands how he feel.
It’s been three days since Hinata left Naruto	naruto, hinata, toneri
Naruto wakes up and Sai tease him that he keeps groaning Hinata’s name over and over and it has given him such good research materials. Shikamaru then tells Naruto that they need to save Hinata and Hanabi, but Naruto gives no reactions to Shikamaru	naruto, hinata, hanabi, sai, shikamaru
Meanwhile, Toneri and Hinata went to the Hamura temple and when they left the temple, Toneri tells Hinata that he will show her the real Tenseigan after they get married.
At the cave, Naruto is still sulking about being rejected by Hinata. Seeing this, Shikamaru says to Naruto that if he is giving up on Hinata so easily then he might as well give up on being Hokage	hokage, naruto, hinata, toneri, shikamaru
Angered, Naruto yells at Shikamaru asking if he wants to have a fight. Shikamaru yells back at Naruto saying that he doesn’t know what went on between Naruto and Hinata, but as a shinobi, he needs to get on with his mission and go after Hinata regardless	shinobi, naruto, hinata, shikamaru
Shikamaru then tells Naruto to follow him.
Shikamaru takes Naruto to Sakura and he sees her resting because she ran out of chakra after healing Naruto. Shikamaru and Sai leaves as Sakura and Naruto have an alone chat about Hinata	sakura, chakra, naruto, hinata, sai, shikamaru
Sakura tells Naruto that Hinata might have something on her sleeve and says to him that he is an idiot especially when it comes to love. Sakura then tells Naruto that she understands Hinata very well, because girls do not change their feelings easily when they had fallen in love.
Meanwhile, Hinata is seen running towards the Tenseigan's location	sakura, naruto, hinata, love
When she reach the location of the Tenseigan and was about to destroy it, an army of puppets appears and fights Hinata. Hinata is then being captured by Toneri	hinata, toneri
Feeling betrayed, Toneri takes the scarf that Hinata finished knitting it and angrily says that she is actually not knitting it for him but for Naruto. Toneri then tears the red scarf into pieces and cast a jutsu on Hinata and manipulate her as a puppet	jutsu, naruto, hinata, toneri
Meanwhile, at the cave, after hearing Sakura's advice, Naruto finally understand about Hinata’s feelings and vows to save her as he reaches his hand towards the sun.
Later, Toneri and Hinata start the wedding ceremony inside the castle. Naruto, Sakura, Shikamaru and Sai try to get into the moon’s barrier to save Hanabi and stop Toneri and Hinata's wedding ceremony	sakura, naruto, hinata, hanabi, toneri, sai, shikamaru
The team split up once they are inside the castle. Sai and Sakura went to find and save Hanabi while Shikamaru and Naruto went to stop the wedding	sakura, naruto, hanabi, sai, shikamaru
Naruto and Shikamaru crash the wedding just before the ceremony seems to be completed. Toneri and a lifeless Hinata try to escape while Naruto and Shikamaru fight an army of puppets	naruto, hinata, toneri, shikamaru
Shikamaru tells Naruto to chase after them while he stays behind to fight the puppets.
When Naruto caught up with Toneri and Hinata, Toneri orders Hinata to attack Naruto. Naruto tries to dodge Hinata’s attacks and successes remove the jutsu that Toneri used to manipulate her	jutsu, naruto, hinata, toneri, shikamaru
Toneri brings Hinata back to his side and tries to reinstate the justu but he starts to get pain from his new eyes. Hinata runs off with Naruto to the Tenseigan’s location	naruto, hinata, toneri
Meanwhile, Sakura and Sai found Hanabi, as well as a small piece of the scarf Hinata knitted for Naruto.
Naruto and Hinata combine their chakra.
At the Tenseigan’s location, Hinata tries to destroy the Tenseigan but it doesn’t work. Naruto gets an idea and he holds Hinata’s hand and tells her to infuse him with her chakra	sakura, chakra, naruto, hinata, hanabi, sai
They combine their chakra and together destroy the Tenseigan. After destroying it, they then find out that the Tenseigan was a cluster of Byakugan eyes	chakra, byakugan
Meanwhile, all the puppets in the castle stops moving. Naruto and Hinata regroup with Sakura, Shikamaru and Sai at the castle	sakura, naruto, hinata, sai, shikamaru
Sakura returns Hinata the small piece of the scarf and says that she was going to give it to Naruto. Naruto asks is she making the scarf for him to which Hinata says yes	sakura, naruto, hinata
Naruto then says that he wants it and he doesn’t care that the scarf is already shreds. Naruto thank Hinata and says that he will cherish it, which makes Hinata happy.
Naruto carries Hinata in a bridal's way.
The counts down to the world's destruction clock starts ticking again	naruto, hinata
A large Gedo-esque statue attacks the team and Naruto is seen grabbing Hinata and carry her in a bridals way. Naruto then fights the Gedo-esque statue with his bijuu mode	naruto, hinata
Kurama, who is helping Naruto fighting the Gedo-esque statue, duke it out on the surface of the moon. Toneri then appears in his
Tenseigan Chakra Mode
and uses one of his techniques and blows the team away	chakra, naruto, toneri
Toneri then takes Hinata and throw her into a cage. Naruto then fight with Toneri	naruto, hinata, toneri
When Toneri is defeated, the Gedo-esque status stops and Hinata is free from the cage. Hinata then takes back Hanabi’s eyes from a defeated Toneri.
Hinata transfers her chakra to Naruto.
However, Toneri did not admit defeat and gather all the byakugan eyes from the Tenseigan that Naruto and Hinata have destroyed	chakra, byakugan, naruto, hinata, hanabi, toneri
When Toneri absorb Naruto’s chakra, Hinata holds Naruto’s hand and transfer her chakra to him. They tell Toneri to stop but he did not listen and continues absorbing the energy around him	chakra, naruto, hinata, toneri
However, in absorbing this energy, Toneri is pulled out into space as he accidentally absorbing the sun’s energy, which he passed his chakra limits. Toneri was about to explode but Naruto goes to grab him and pull him back to the moon, saving his life and stop the moon from falling.
At the cave with the glowing lake, Naruto and Hinata ask Toneri to come back with them and live on earth instead of living alone on the moon to which he declines, saying that he will remain in the moon and atone for his sins and he then leaves	chakra, naruto, hinata, toneri
The team then dive into the lake.
At the other surface, Hinata asks Naruto about his blue-striped scarf. Naruto replies to Hinata that the blue-striped scarf was actually knitted for him by his mother and he found it when Konohamaru bring him to his storehouse	naruto, hinata, konohamaru
The team then tells them to hurry up and leave the cave before it collapse. Naruto and Hinata holds each others hand as they bounce from moon to moon.
Naruto and Hinata running hand-in-hand with their memories appears on the moon.
As they bounce from moon to moon, Naruto reminds Hinata the time Iruka asks them to write the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end	naruto, hinata, iruka
Naruto tells Hinata that he didn’t write any name on the paper because he doesn’t know his parents and doesn’t have any friends and confess to her that now he finally knows who he wants to spend all and every single one of his days with and that person would be her. After hearing those words from Naruto, Hinata cries happily in tears.
The red scarf suddenly appears and Naruto is seen wearing it as he runs hand-in-hand with Hinata with their memories appears on the moon in the background	naruto, hinata
When the moon shows the memories of the time Hinata confessed her feelings to Naruto, they can be seen running hand-in-hand in their Shippuden form and then, in their Pre-Shippuden form when the memories of their moments from the Chunnin Exam appears on the moon. Next, they can be seen running hand-in-hand in their kids form when the moon shows the memories of their moments from the beginning of the movie.
The cave then starts to collapse	shippuden, exam, naruto, hinata
Hinata almost falls but Naruto grabs her and carry her in a bridals way. He then tells her to hold him tight and don’t let go of him	naruto, hinata
As Hinata holds Naruto tightly, all of their memories appear on the moon around them in the background.
Naruto and Hinata kiss.
Naruto then uses his Rasengan as a motor to propel them out of the lake faster. They come out from the lake and blast a hole through the cave and flies up into the sky	naruto, hinata
The two kiss as they are floating in the sky with a big round moon in the background. In the ending credit, everyone attends Naruto and Hinata's wedding	naruto, hinata
The two kiss each other at the end of the ending credit.
Naruto and Hinata's wedding and family picture.
At the end of the movie, an older Hinata is shown knitting a red scarf and an older Naruto is seen training outside. They are revealed to have two kids named
Boruto
and
Himawari
, who are running towards their father	boruto, naruto, hinata
The camera then focuses on their wedding picture and the pictures of their kids as babies, ending the movie.
The Beast that was Shot by Love!!
Naruto and Hinata spotted during a date by Konoha citizens.
As
Akamaru
and Kiba go for a walk, Akamaru beings to notice how romance has started to develop amongst their friends. He notices; Naruto and Hinata, Shikamaru and Temari, Chōji and
Karui
, Sai and Ino have all formed romantic relationships following the end of the war.
Konoha citizens spot Naruto and Hinata on a date and describe them as being 'really suited to be with each other'.
Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding
Hinata and Naruto get married at a big wedding that everyone was invited to attend on Hokage Rock	hokage, konoha, kiba, naruto, hinata, kiba, love, sai, shikamaru
Hinata and Naruto, as well as the rest of their friends, busily prepare for the big event.
On the day of the ceremony, Hinata becomes flustered when Naruto meets her gaze and gives her an embarrassed smile; his once serious deposition turning into one of an innocent, young boy. Hinata cries tears of joy as she took Naruto's arm and held on tight, walking together with him to get married.
Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise
Hinata arrives to help Teams 7 and 10 against a few exploding humans that are entering in the village	sasuke, naruto, hinata
Hinata offers her assistance and Naruto agrees. After the exploding humans are subdued, Hinata collapses from overusing her Byakugan and Naruto catches her, and asks if she is okay	byakugan, naruto, hinata
Hinata assures him she is alright and thanks him.
Epilogue
Naruto with Boruto (left)Hinata with Himawari (right).
Shortly after getting married, Naruto and Hinata had a son and two years later they had a daughter. Years later, Kakashi stepped down as the Sixth Hokage with Naruto becoming the Seventh upon his recommendation	hokage, boruto, kakashi, naruto, hinata
Hinata can be seen visiting Neji's grave with her daughter, Himawari. At the Hokage headquarters, Naruto is informed about his son's prank on the Hokage Monument	hokage, neji, naruto, hinata
Appearing next to Boruto, he lectures him for doing pranks, explaining and apologizing to him why he couldn't be there for him as the whole village is his family, with this also including Boruto, and as a ninja it is his duty to endure.
Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring
When
Sarada
finds out that Naruto, the seventh Hokage, was going to meet with her father, Sasuke, Sarada decided to follow Naruto along with
Chocho
, in hopes of finally meeting her father. After the Hokage left, Boruto soon arrived with
Mitsuki
and a lunch prepared by Hinata, the Hokage's wife, for his trip	hokage, ninja, boruto, sasuke, naruto, hinata
After Shikamaru told them the Hokage had already left, Boruto decided to leave it at that, until Sarada offered to take it to Naruto. While Boruto found the idea is pointless, Sarada tells him how important this bento was since it was made by someone who loves the Hokage	hokage, boruto, naruto, shikamaru
Seeing the determination in her eyes, Boruto agreed to let her take the lunch to his father.
Boruto: Naruto the Movie
When Naruto is unable to attend Himawari's birthday party due to work and sent a shadow clone as a stand-in, which ended up dropping the birthday cake, Boruto, enraged at his father for missing his own daughter's birthday party, vented his anger to his mother, Hinata. Admitting that she also missed Naruto and wanted him to be home more often, she however defends Naruto when Boruto started bad talking about him, causing Boruto more anger to the point where he threw Naruto's old jacket out of the window in a fit of rage.
During the third round, Hinata sat in the audience with Himawari	boruto, naruto, hinata
Upon seeing Hinata and Himawari, Naruto comments to himself how he would prefer to sit with them rather than with the four other Kages. They watched as Boruto fought Shikadai and seemingly won, making both Naruto and Hinata proud	boruto, naruto, hinata
However this is quickly short-lived once Naruto suspected Boruto of cheating. Asking Hinata to use her Byakugan on Boruto, she confirmed his suspicions, leaving both disappointed in their son	boruto, byakugan, naruto, hinata
Jumping into the arena, Naruto confronted Boruto and disqualified him for cheating, with Hinata hugging Himawari when the young girl asked if Boruto did something wrong. When Momoshiki and Kinshiki appeared and attacked everyone, Naruto defends his son and teams up with Sasuke to fight them, with Hinata fleeing with Himawari into a safety zone, continuing to stay in the arena out of concern for both her husband and son	boruto, sasuke, naruto, hinata
When Naruto jumped in front of Momoshiki's jutsu to protect Boruto, Sasuke, and Sarada, Hinata tried to save him but failed and was left injured in the process.
After being healed by Sakura, Hinata began to panic at the possibility that Naruto was dead, but is quickly reassured by Sasuke who states that Naruto was alive and in another dimension. She comforts her daughter, Himawari, when asked about her father's fate, also refusing to allow Boruto to go with Sasuke and the other Kage in their mission to rescue Naruto, afraid of the possibility that he would get killed by Momoshiki and Kinshiki	sakura, boruto, jutsu, sasuke, naruto, hinata
But upon seeing Boruto wearing Naruto's old jacket, Hinata is reminded of Naruto when he was younger, deciding to finally put her trust in her son.
After the fighting ended, Hinata and Himawari bid farewell to Naruto and Boruto as they both left for work and missions respectively.
Evidence
Revealed when Hinata was introduced, she was shown to have feelings for Naruto.
[1]
It is confirmed in Hinata's childhood, she was the only person who acknowledged Naruto and admired him.
[2]
Among the class girls, Hinata receives the most respect and care from Naruto and vice-versa.
During the Chunin exams, Naruto and Hinata cheered for each other.
Hinata roots for Naruto during his fight with her teammate,
Kiba
.
[3]
Naruto cheers for Hinata in her fight with
Neji
.
[4]
Before his fight against Neji, Naruto tells Hinata that he likes people like her.
[5]
Naruto has shown to care for Hinata and worry about her well being in many occasions.
[6]
Naruto has called Hinata beautiful.
Naruto and Hinata have confessed to each other.
Hinata confesses her feelings to Naruto before getting stabbed by
Pain
, which caused Naruto to go on a rampage.
[7]
Naruto confesses to Hinata before she "rejects" him and goes with
Toneri
.
[8]
Almost at the end of the movie, Naruto reminds Hinata of the lesson in their academy days about writing the name of the person they want to be with if the world was going to end and he confesses that he wants to be with her and wants to spend all and every single one of his days with her.
[9]
Both Naruto and Hinata mentioned that they could see the truth through each other's eyes.
[10]
Naruto holds Hinata's hand after she encourages him to continue to fight the
Juubi
and thanked her for always being by his side.
[11]
Naruto could sense Hinata mentally calling out to him when she was put into the Infinite Tsukuyomi and immediately tries to rush to her aid.
[12]
After the Fourth Shinobi War, Naruto and Hinata were often seen hanging out together, something which Sakura commented on.
[13]
Naruto and Hinata have kissed each other.
Naruto and Hinata kiss while floating in the sky.
[14]
Naruto and Hinata kiss during their wedding day.
[15]
The two have gone on dates together.
[16]
In the credits of
The Last: Naruto the Movie
, Naruto and Hinata are married and have a
son
and
daughter
.
Hinata often makes bento lunch boxes for Naruto to eat which he often miss out due to his job.
[17]
As a married couple, Hinata refers to Naruto as
anata
(which typically means 'darling' or 'dear' in Japanese).
[18]
Quotes
Naruto's first impression of Hinata - Chapter 39:
"Hyuga Hinata; A weirdo who always looks away when I look at her. A shy and dark girl."
Hinata about Naruto - Chapter 76:
"You're wrong Kiba-kun...Naruto-kun is not that weak	shinobi, chunin, sakura, boruto, hyuga, kiba, neji, naruto, hinata, kiba, juubi, toneri
Unlike me, Naruto-kun always believed in his self-worth. I really thought that was incredible because I understand how difficult that is	naruto
Yet nobody would even look at Naruto...Nobody even tried to acknowledge him...but...right now everyone is watching you...Everyone is acknowledging you..."
Naruto to Hinata about Neji - Chapter 78:
"You can change yourself!! Kick that bastard's ass, Hinata!!"
Naruto about Hinata - Chapter 80:
"I never knew...That Hinata was this incredible."
Rock Lee to Naruto about Hinata - Chapter 80:
"She's very similar to you..."
Sakura to Naruto about Hinata - Chapter 80:
"Oh yeah. She was always watching you."
Hinata's thoughts about Naruto while fighting Neji - Chapter 80:
"Naruto-kun...I have always been watching	sakura, neji, naruto, hinata
I've always been for all these years. Why is that..? I don't know why, but...When I look at Naruto-kun...I feel courage	naruto
That's how I begin to feel. Naruto-kun...In the past, I was the only one looking	naruto
But right now...You are...He's finally watching me...In front of the person I admire so much...I can't look bad."
Hinata to Naruto - Chapter 80:
"Naruto-kun...was...I able...to change a little...?"
Naruto to Neji (Blood Vow) - Chapter 81:
"Hinata...I promise you. You [Neji]...are going down!!"
Hinata thanks Naruto for cheering her on - Chapter 98:
"Oh...Umm...When you cheered for me...I felt like I had become stronger...After the prelims ended, I started liking myself a little more...To other people, it may not seem like I changed, but...I...felt like I was able to change...It was thanks to you, Naruto-kun...is what I think..."
Naruto reveals his doubts to Hinata - Chapter 98:
"Hey, Hinata...Did you...really think that? I may appear strong to you but...That's because I act all tough because I'm so frustrated from always failing..."
Hinata tells Naruto how much she admires him - Chapter 98:
"In my eyes...you're a proud failure! When I look at you, I get an intense feeling in my heart..	neji, naruto, hinata
Because you're not perfect...Because you fail...You have the strength to get back up...I believe that's what true strength is...I...I think you are an incredibly strong person, Naruto-kun..."
Naruto changes his opinion on Hinata - Chapter 98:
"Thanks Hinata! Earlier, I was feeling uncharacteristically depressed but...now I feel great!!...You know, about you...I thought that you were...a plain looking, dark weirdo...But...a person like you...I really like!!"
Naruto to Neji about Hinata - Chapter 101:
"Why...why, if you're this strong...why, with those eyes that can see everything... did you mentally attack Hinata, who was trying so hard? ...Insulting Hinata, automatically deciding she's a loser!! Main family...Branch family...I don't know what the hell happened...but pieces of shit like you who call other people losers...I will never forgive!!"
Naruto to Neji about Hinata - Chapter 103:
"Pft...! Stop acting cool...you're not the only one that's special...! Hinata too...she's suffered as much as you!! A member of the main family...but not acknowledged, trying her best to change herself...thinking that as she was coughing blood while fighting you! You're the same!! The branch family is supposed to protect the main family, yet doing that to Hinata....in truth, you are trying your hardest to disobey destiny..."
Neji to Naruto about him and Hinata - Chapter 103:
"In the end, you and Hinata-sama share the same destiny!"
Naruto thinking about Hinata after he defeats Neji - Chapter 105:
"Where is Hinata? Is she watching?"
Hinata's confession to Naruto - Chapter 437:
" I used to always cry and give up...I made many wrong turns...But you...You helped me find the right path	neji, naruto, hinata
I always chased after you...I wanted to catch up to you...I wanted to walk beside you all the time. I just wanted to be with you...You changed me! Your smile is what saved me! That is why I am not afraid to die protecting you!! Because...I
love
you..."
Sakura realizing Hinata's love for Naruto - Chapter 442:
"You must really do
love
Naruto.."
Naruto about Hinata - Chapter 490:
"Then when I saw Pain attack Hinata, I was so mad, so full of rage, I let the Nine-Tails take over without even thinking about it."
Hinata about Naruto - Chapter 573:
"Naruto-kun	sakura, naruto, hinata, love
I've always...always chased after you. Even now...But once this war ends, I'm going to stop once and for all	
Next time, I'll be next to you, holding your hand...Walking with you! Wait for me!"
Kiba teasing Naruto - Chapter 611:
"Don't act tough just because Hinata is here, Naruto!"
Neji to Naruto about Hinata - Chapter 614:
"...Naruto...Hinata-sama...is willing to die...for you...That's why...your life...is not only...one..."
Hinata to Naruto about Neji's sacrifice - Chapter 615:
"Neji just said that your life is not your own anymore...Do you understand what he meant? Your words and desires to not let your comrades die...Neither of them are lies! What inspired Neji and carried him this far were those very principles! It's not just you, Naruto. We all hold those very same words and feelings within our hearts	kiba, neji, naruto, hinata, kiba
They are what binds our lives together and makes us comrades. If we all give up and discard those words and feelings now, Neji's sacrifice will have been for nothing	neji
And therefore...Stand up together with me, Naruto...Because never going back on one's word...Is my ninja way too!"
Naruto to Hinata as he holds her hand - Chapter 615:
"Hinata...thank you! It's thanks to you that stayed at my side."
Hinata's thoughts while holding hands with Naruto - Chapter 615:
"Naruto-kun's hand...is so big...so strong...But most importantly...It makes me feel...safe."
Hinata thinking about the promise she made to Neji - Chapter 662:
"Naruto-kun's heart beat is...extremely weak! --- Brother, please protect him!"
Hinata practicing her confession to hand over the red scarf she knitted to Naruto - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"Naruto-kun... I've always gazed at your back	ninja, neji, naruto, hinata
So I knitted this with all my heart. Please, accept my feelings."
Naruto to Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"Hinata, I'll never let you..	naruto, hinata
I'll never let you out of my sight again."
Naruto's confession to Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"I am not being kind because I
love
you or anything. I'm just worried about Hanabi	naruto, hinata, hanabi, love
--- Hinata I...I
love
you."
Sakura to Naruto about Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"I never thought you'd confess your
love
first. Remember long ago when you said you loved me? But, wasn't that because I love Sasuke? You didn't want to lose to him	sakura, sasuke, naruto, hinata, love
It's real this time isn't it? Hinata is a great person, she's almost too good for you. You're so stupid, it's obvious she had a reason she couldn't reveal	hinata
When a girl truly falls in love, her feelings don't change that easily. They can't change	love
I understand how she feels very well."
Naruto about Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"Hinata... This big idiot finally understands..	naruto, hinata
The real meaning of the scarf you gave me when you went with Toneri... I know now, from the scarf you painstakingly knitted and took so long to finish, that your
love
can't be unraveled so easily..	toneri, love
Now, as a man, there's something I must tell you... Hinata, I swear I
will
save you!"
Naruto to Toneri about the red scarf and Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"..It takes time to knit a scarf	naruto, hinata, toneri
The deeper the feelings you want to convey, the longer it takes to knit..!!"
Naruto to Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie:
"Hinata... Remember back in the Academy, when we were asked, “If the end of the world came, who would you spend your last day with?” I couldn't write anyone's name down	naruto, hinata
I want to be with you, Hinata!"
Naruto realizing Hinata's feelings for him - The Last: Naruto the Movie Novel Chapter 2:
"She
loves
me? Love... Speaking of love, there's ramen	naruto, hinata, love
I love ramen... --- No, Hinata's "
love
" isn't that "love"! --- So this means, the way Hinata feels about me..	hinata, love
this means she... lo-lo-lo-"
Naruto realizing his feelings for Hinata - The Last: Naruto the Movie Novel Chapter 2:
"That was genjutsu..	naruto, hinata, genjutsu, genjutsu
Then, what was that stuff with Hinata? Were those my memories? No, they weren't regular memories... It was like dreams mixed with memories..	hinata
So does this mean that
for Hinata, I also...
"
Konoha citizens after spotting Hinata and Naruto on a date - The Beast that was Shot by Love!!:
"Both of them are really suited to be with each other!"
Sarada to Boruto about bento made from Hinata to Naruto - Chapter 700+3:
"And, a bento isn't for just eating, right? A meal prepared for you especially by a loved one…"
Databooks
Databook 1 (Hinata Hyuga's Profile):
"Hinata is in
love
with Naruto, but regardless, she can't take a step forward. However, she's able to pluck up her own brand of courage sometimes, as proved by that "attack" of hers	konoha, boruto, hyuga, naruto, hinata, love
Because that's her ninja way...! She can't even look Naruto in the eyes as she hands him the ointment to treat the injuries he's received during the Chuunin exam, but she's put all her strength into this...!"
"There's a definite reason behind Hinata's passion for Naruto. She wants "to become like him"	exam, ninja, naruto, hinata
Shackled by the strict laws of the Hyuuga clan, and further weakened by her inferiority complex towards her younger sister, Hinata is always seeking strength and power."
"Hinata is never assertive about anything, something she tends to hate about herself. When she was fighting Neji, no matter how many times she was struck down, she would think of Naruto and stand up...! Hinata admires and esteems Naruto	neji, naruto, hinata
But he is totally clueless about those feelings."
"The one she admires taught her about the courage to stand up!!"
"Naruto is throwing taunts at Neji. Hinata is able to draw courage from his cheering...A scene where she even fights on par with the great Neji	neji, naruto, hinata
The blood of the Hyuuga also flows is Hinata's veins! But she yields before Neji's Juuken, and gets wounded and beaten down several times over...Earnest feelings are stronger than any weapon..."
Databook 2 (Hinata Hyuga's Profile):
"Hinata passively gave in to everything, but with the support of Naruto's cheering, she had a fierce battle with Neji, and matured greatly. There is still a lot of her that is not sufficient as the child of the Hyuuga Main House, but indomitable strength is added to her original pure heart, and little by little, but steadily, Hinata progresses ahead...She wishes that she could move even one step closer towards the back of Naruto..."
Databook 3 (Hinata Hyuga's Profile):
"Her objective, is the one who in spite of the state of things got strong and changed her, separated from her somewhere in Earth making the effort to train, the person she yearns for	hyuga, neji, battle, naruto, hinata
Naruto is the one who gave Hinata such things as "potentiality" and "self-confidence". That Naruto who's come back after 3 years approximately	naruto, hinata
Hinata's potentiality will surely show how it's spread further."
"Ironically, Hinata's timidness reaches its peak in front of Naruto, the one who changed her."
Databook 4 (Hinata Hyuga's Profile):
"The pure white lily whose feelings of
love
reach towards the future in place of her resolve!!" There is a girl who embodies the ever-enchanging truth that " a maiden in love is strong".In the past, she was filled with hesitancy due to the pressure of her family name being too great, but with a push from her beloved Naruto, she made her hidden talent blossom through the power of perseverance. Even now her pure feelings of "I want to walk with Naruto-Kun forever..."expand her potential	hyuga, naruto, hinata, love
With the beginning of the Fourth Great Shinobi War,she  no longer trumbles.Her precious person is there and she wants to walk together with him."
"In order to protect Naruto, she overcame her own limits to employ 8 tirigrams 64 palms."
"Hinata has always
loved
Naruto since her childhood. She was shy about meeting him, so she would often watch him from a hiding place."
"She was introverted and withdrawn during her academy days	shinobi, naruto, hinata
With all her might, she cheers for Naruto in a small voice."
She Makes Her Dream Of Her Beloved Person Into Own Path
Nindou "No matter what kind of trial there is "I never go back on my word." That nindou,set forth by Naruto whom she admires and loves, has long since become Hinata's path. To walk together on the same path with the one she admires, she has sworn on her own strong convictions!!"
" Just as she was saved in the past, this time Hinata gently heals the despaired Naruto's heart.'
"
"Hinata rebukes Naruto, who had lost his will to fight upon Neji's death! Her support allows Naruto to stand up once again!!"
Resolve "If Naruto is on the verge of crisis, Hinata will risk her life to protect him!! Hinata's resolve is firm, dismissing Naruto when he worried for her, "I'm just...being selfish..."There's not anyone who can stop the determination that a maiden in love holds!!"
"Ready to die in a suicidal attack against Pain! If it's to save Naruto, Hinata will not withhold even her own life!!"
By His Side"Moving forward, even by one step!!" So as not to be left behind by Naruto, who is always pushing forward, she has determined to continue in her own growth	neji, naruto, hinata, nindou, love
She abandoned the weak version of herself who had to be protected, and chased after Naruto's back, and put herself through strict training, wanting to become strong. She wants to catch up the person she loves, and always support him at his side	naruto
With power of white eyes focus on the next step. This is to make the ideals she envisioned a reality."
"Side by side holding hands, Naruto and Hinata face the Juubi	naruto, hinata, juubi
Feeling the warmth of those tightly clasped hands, she renews her determination."
Among The Fans
NaruHina is one of the most popular couple among the fans. It's most likely supported because of the evidence given in the manga/anime as well as the fact that Hinata is in love with Naruto, and how Naruto has shown that he cares a great deal about her and is protective of her	manga, naruto, hinata, naruhina, anime, love
It's usually a companion to
SasuSaku
. With its canonization as well as
The Last: Naruto the Movie
, NaruHina has became even more popular in Japan, with Naruto and Hinata being featured in non-Naruto material and some people calling it a "power couple." Its rival pairings are
NaruSaku
,
NejiHina
, and
KibaHina
.
Trivia
A canonical movie titled
The Last: Naruto the Movie
, is a love story between Naruto and Hinata.
Naruto and his mother,
Kushina
has their own
"red thread of fate"
	naruto, hinata, naruhina, kushina, love, thread
The red thread of fate, also referred to as the "red thread of destiny," "red string of fate," "red string of destiny," and other variants, is an East Asian belief originating from Chinese legend and is also used in Japanese legend. According to this myth, the gods tie an invisible red string around the ankles of men and women who are destined to be soul mates and will one day marry each other	myth, thread
Often, in Japanese culture, it is thought to be tied around the little finger. The two people connected by the red thread are destined lovers, regardless of time, place or circumstances	thread
This magical cord may stretch or tangle, but never break. This myth is similar to the Western concept of soul-mates or a twin flame.
In chapter 498, Kushina mentions that her red hair became her own "red thread of fate" that eventually linked her to his father,
Minato
.
In
The Last: Naruto the Movie
, Naruto used to have a red scarf when he is young but it was wrecked after he defends Hinata from the bullies	naruto, hinata, kushina, minato, myth, thread
Since then, Hinata kept that red scarf and she knits him a new one that looks similar to his old ones. Hinata eventually gives Naruto the
red scarf
she knitted, that he wears in the movie and the poster of the movie, as a Call Back and Meaningful Echo to his own mother's soulmate story.
During an interview in 2015 by
Fuji's TV: Mezmashi TV morning talk show
, Masashi Kishimoto was asked if any of his personal experiences influenced the scenes in
The Last
:
Recalling his staff talking about the believability of a scene where a girl knits a muffler for the titular ninja, one of his staff members asked:
" 'Do girls still do that in this day and age?
And I said,
Actually, my wife made a scarf for me...'
The room got really quiet after that."
There is a theme song titled, "
Naruto and Hinata
" in
The Last: Naruto the Movie
.
After the Last (Naruto and Hinata's date).
In Naruto Official Movie Guidebook: Retsu no Sho, it is shown in an omake-manga titled
After the Last
that Naruto and Hinata went on dates after they began their relationship.
Naruto reads Sai's book about proper human interaction and he learns that men are supposed to pay everything on a date	manga, ninja, kishimoto, naruto, hinata, kishimoto, sai
During his date with Hinata, Naruto takes Hinata to a restaurant and he was shocked that the food of the restaurant is very expensive. Hinata then uses her Byakugan and looks inside Naruto's wallet	byakugan, naruto, hinata
Seeing that he doesn't have much money, Hinata asks if they can eat at
Ramen Ichiraku
instead, which Naruto agrees to.
In the
New York Comic Con Interview 2015
, Kishimoto said that he decided from the middle of the story that Naruto and Hinata would end up together in the end of the story. He explained the reason he sealed this decision and started realizing that Naruto and Hinata were meant to be is because Hinata always supported and acknowledged Naruto, even before Master Iruka, and she had the ability to see beyond his reputation and see the true person inside.
NaruHina ranked 17th on a poll for the most reblogged pairings on Tumblr.
[19]
In the
Jump Festa Interview 2017
, Kishimoto stated that he planned on Naruto and Hinata marrying and having kids from an early stage.
Naruto and Hinata both have official love songs to each other as promotion for
The Last
.
External Links
http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/naruhina
NaruHina Fan Club on Deviantart:
http://naruhina--fanclub.deviantart.com/
NaruHina Group on Youtube:
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheNHgroup
NaruHina Fan Club on Tumblr:
http://naruhinatards.tumblr.com/
↑
Manga: Chapter 34, 39
↑
Manga: Chapter 76, 80
↑
Manga: Chapter 75, 76, 77
↑
Manga: Chapter 79, 80
↑
Manga: Chapter 98
↑
Manga: Chapters 80, 81, 437, 441, 558, 559, 614, 677
↑
Manga: Chapter 437
↑
Movie: The Last: Naruto the Movie
↑
Movie: The Last: Naruto the Movie
↑
Manga: Chapter 559
↑
Manga: Chapter 615
↑
Manga: Chapter 677
↑
Shikamaru Hiden
↑
Movie: The Last: Naruto the Movie
↑
Movie: The Last: Naruto the Movie
↑
After the Last
↑
Manga: Chapter 700+3
↑
Movie: Boruto: Naruto the Movie
↑
Tumblr 2015 Year in Review official blog
Categories
Categories
:
Couples involving Naruto
Couples involving Hinata
Canon Couples
Community content is available under
CC-BY-SA
unless otherwise noted.
More Fandoms
Fantasy
Advertisement
Fan Feed
More Naruto Couples Wiki
1
ShikaTema
2
BoruSara
3
NaruHina
Explore properties
Fandom
Muthead
Fanatical
Follow Us
Overview
What is Fandom?
About
Careers
Press
Contact
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Digital Services Act
Global Sitemap
Local Sitemap
Cookie Preferences
Community
Community Central
Support
Help
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Advertise
Media Kit
Contact
Fandom Apps
Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.
Naruto Couples Wiki is a FANDOM Anime Community.
View Mobile Site
Follow on IG
TikTok
Join Fan Lab	manga, kishimoto, boruto, naruto, hinata, iruka, naruhina, canon, anime, kishimoto, love, shikamaru
