Details	Topic
Hinata Hyuga × Wikis Characters Jutsu Villages Teams Clans More Create Wiki Page All Pages Naruto Uzumaki Sasuke Uchiha Jiraiya Indra Otsutsuki Gaara Naruto Characters Reaper Death Seal Jutsu Fireball Jutsu Rasenshuriken Adamantine Sealing Chains All Jutsus Sunagakure Kumogakure Uzushiogakure Naruto Villages Akatsuki Team 7 Team Orochimaru All Teams Uchiha Clan Senju Clan Uzumaki Clan Kazekage Clan All Clans Episode List Create Edit Log in Manage your profile Logout Naruto Wiki Hinata Hyuga Naruto Wiki 1540 pages • 3279 edits • Updated: Jan 08 Wikis Characters Jutsu Villages Teams Clans More Create Wiki Page All Pages Naruto Uzumaki Sasuke Uchiha Jiraiya Indra Otsutsuki Gaara Naruto Characters Reaper Death Seal Jutsu Fireball Jutsu Rasenshuriken Adamantine Sealing Chains All Jutsus Sunagakure Kumogakure Uzushiogakure Naruto Villages Akatsuki Team 7 Team Orochimaru All Teams Uchiha Clan Senju Clan Uzumaki Clan Kazekage Clan All Clans Episode List Overview Contributors Activity Issues In: Naruto Characters Hinata Hyuga Edit this page Improve this page Hinata Hyuga is a Naruto anime series character who belongs to the mightiest Hyuga clan of Hidden Leaf. She is a fan favorite female character in the Naruto series	series, character, team, anime, clan
Hinata Hyuga is a Kunoichi of Hidden Leaf village (Konohagakure) and a former heiress of the Hyuga clan. Still, because she is not meant to be the leader of one of the strongest clans in the Naruto series, she has been dropped to be the leader of the clan and carry them to another generation	series, generation, clan
She was very nervous and had no motivation to be a great shinobi. Still, after meeting Naruto Uzumaki over the course of her childhood, seeing him perform, and not going back on his words, and even though everyone calls him a weakling, she decided to follow his ninja way	childhood, ninja, ninja
From then on, she started to grow stronger and stronger, and now she is one of the strongest Kunoichi in the Hidden Leaf village with the great power of Byakugun , a dojutsu that allows a user to see 360 degrees and also the chakra points. She has been in love with Naruto since childhood when he saved her from some bullies who were making fun of her eyes	childhood, love, chakra, byakugun
As a Byakugan user, their eyes are more unusual than the rest of the others. Byakugan eyes are not like Sharingan eyes which go back to normal when they are not using the power, and all Hyuga clan members have the same kind of eyes	clan, byakugan
Hinata and Naruto married at the end of the series and even have one movie, The Last: Naruto the Movie , where they both confess their love to each other. Contents All About Hinata Hyuga The Life of Hinata Hyuga Personality Hinata’s Appearance Hinata’s Abilities Byakugan Physical Abilities Good Chakra Control Hakke Sojishi Hogeki Hinata in Other Media Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire The Last: Naruto the Movie Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze List of Video Games Hinata Appeared in: FAQs about Hinata Hyuga Q	personality, ninja, series, ninja, abilities, love, blood, appearance, chakra, married, movie, byakugan, sakura
In which episode do Naruto and Hinata get married? Q. Is Hinata Hyuga a Byakugan Princess? Q	married, princess, byakugan
Are there any manga series about Hinata and Naruto’s dating time? Q. Who is Hinata Hyuga younger sister? All About Hinata Hyuga Name Hinata Hyuga Alias Lady Hinata, Byakugun Princess First Appearance in Anime Naruto: Episode-1 Japanese Voice Actor Nana Mizuki English Voice Actor Stephenie Sheh Birthdate 27th December Sex Female Status Alive Team Team 8 Konoha 11 Bikōchū Search Team Peddlers Escort Team Team Three Eight Man Squad Second Division Hanabi Rescue Team (Movie) Clan Hyuga Clan Uzumaki Clan Village Konohagakure (The Village Hidden in the Leaves) The Life of Hinata Hyuga Hinata is from the Hyuga clan, a Byakugan user and the oldest daughter of Hiashi Hyuga	manga, series, team, anime, appearance, name, clan, movie, princess, byakugan, byakugun, sister
She is the Hyuga family's clan leader and the strongest Hyuga member. She started to train under her father, but soon he realized that she was not very strong-minded	family, clan
Many Hyuga members thought of her as a weakling, but that was not the case. Since her childhood, Hinata has been very sensitive and careful about everything	childhood
She has a shy personality and doesn’t want to hurt anyone, which restricts her moves to be more defensive whenever she fights someone. After seeing her personality and strength, Hiashi Hyuga arranged a match between Hinata and her younger sister Hanabi Hyuga 	personality, sister
During that fight, her father saw that Hinata was hesitating to fight or hurt Hanabi, making him reconsider his choice for the next clan leader. Hinata was handed over to Kurenai Sarutobi , a sensei in the academy, from the Sarutobi Clan 	academy, clan
The day Hinata got enrolled in the Academy, she was cornered by three kids who started to bully her because of her eyes. Naruto saw Hinata getting bullied and came to rescue her	academy
Even though he was weak against them, he still showed his courage. He told those three boys that he would be the Hokage one day, but sadly, he got beaten up by them	hokage
However, they left Hinata alone, and that’s how Hinata’s love story with Naruto started. The Chunin's exam made Hinata stronger when she saw Naruto fighting with all he got, and she got inspired by his words- “I never give up.” She fought with Neji Hyuga in the Chunin exam, and after that, on the brink of defeat, Naruto cheered her on	love, chunin, exam
She then took Naruto’s motto and said that she would never give up from now on; from then on, she just got stronger. In the fight between Naruto and Pain , when Naruto gets caught by Pain and is about to get killed, Hinata comes forward to save him despite knowing that she is no match for Pain	motto
She still goes to save Naruto, and that’s what happened; Pain killed her, triggering Naruto to change into his Nine-tailed beast form. Hinata played an important role in the 4th ninja war when she was able to keep Naruto's mind together as he fell into depression because of the death of his comrades	ninja, ninja, war
Obito 's words caused him to lose his spirit to fight against him, and when he was ready to join Obito, Hinata slapped her and reminded him of his vow. In Boruto , Hinata is a perfect wife and mother, and to be that, she left her ninja missions and became a full-time housewife so that she could take care of her children and Naruto, who is the Hokage of the village	ninja, ninja, hokage
Personality Hinata is considered a fan favorite female character in the Naruto series. When she was a child, she used to be very shy and soft-spoken, and very few times did she even say anything	personality, series, character
She is so kind that she never wants to hit anyone, which is an issue during training because, in the academy, students do one-on-one fights to improve their movements. When she saw Naruto in the Chunin Exam and saw how tough and brave he was, even though everyone thought he was weakling, she decided to follow Naruto Ninja's way: never give up	academy, ninja, ninja, training, chunin, exam
From then on, her personality started to change when she had a duel or any mission. Even though Hinata was getting stronger, her shyness never went away	personality, mission
Whenever she saw Naruto, she got so nervous that she sometimes fainted, like when Naruto came back after 2 years of training with Jiraya sensei, one of the Legendary Sannin and a grandfather figure of Naruto. During Pain's fight , she shows courage and duels with him one-on-one to save Naruto from Pain	training
She says, ‘I can die for you, Naruto, because I love you.’ She contributed well during the 4th Ninja War and showed courage to save Naruto from Madara and Obito. After she became the mother and wife of Naruto, she became a real woman and started to be more confident and strict with her kids, Boruto and Himawari	ninja, ninja, love, war
That is one of the huge changes Hinata has in Boruto. Hinata’s Appearance Hinata, in childhood, has short purple hair, which we saw during the movie and in some Naruto episodes where she remembers her childhood	childhood, appearance, movie
In Naruto Part 1, Hinata's purple hair grows a bit more, but the hairstyle is still the same. She wears a cream-colored jacket, and on both sides of her arm, there is a fire logo	hairstyle
In Naruto Shippuden, she wears a light purple jacket with blue pants and has long purple hair below her shoulder and a fair complexion. She has grown taller and has a pocket strap around her right thigh to keep her kunai and some small items for missions	kunai
She still wears a head protector around her neck. She changes her attire when she has to go on a mission	mission
She wears the sleeveless lavender full top with shorts and high stockings covering her legs. In the movie ‘The Last,’ Hinata wore a few different outfits	outfits, movie
At the start, she was wearing her normal purple jacket. During a mission to find Hanabi, she wore her mission outfit	mission
In a few scenes, like when she was about to marry Toneri Otsutsuki, she wears a black gown which many girls wear during a wedding. In the end, we see that when she marries Naruto, she wears her white dress, a Hyuga clan dress for the bride	clan
In Boruto, she Mostly wears a light purple jacket and green shorts with black high-top shoes or sandals and a shoulder-length haircut. Hinata’s Abilities Hinata has grown into a strong Shinobi with many Jutsu and fight styles under her arsenal	abilities
Byakugan Hinata is part of the Hyuga clan, so she possesses a special eye power called the Byakugan, which gives her the power to see the chakra points of any person. She can also see 360 degrees around herself with her Byakugun, and her eyes can see around 20 kilometers through anything, but if only there were no jamming jutsu	clan, chakra, byakugan, byakugun
Physical Abilities As a Byakugan user, she can see the Chakra point, and with her taijutsu, she can block the chakra flow in any person's body. Hyuga also has a wind nature style, and with the help of wind and her Byakugan power, they can use Trigram Vacuum Palms, which can blow away anything in its range	abilities, chakra, byakugan
Good Chakra Control She has great Chakra control and can perform healing jutsu, which is not as great as Sakura, Shizune, or Tsunade, but she can heal small wounds. She also can use a Four Corners Sealing Barrier, which can seal a tailed beast	chakra, sakura
Hakke Sojishi Hogeki This technique can only be performed by the main house of the Hyuga Clan, and this advanced Juken method is also classified as a hidden technique. Hinata releases a tremendous amount of chakra as shrouds shaped like guardian lions	clan, chakra
Along with its terrible force, this jutsu may be coupled with Hakke Rokujuuyon Sho to drain enemies' chakra. Hinata in Other Media Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds After the Land of the Sky attacks Konoha , Naruto, Hinata, and Sakura are tasked with escorting Amaru and Shinn back to their village	chakra, movie, sakura
When they get to the village, it has been destroyed, and Amaru sets off a booby trap out of distress. Amaru is saved by Shinn, who appears to be mortally injured and dies, as Hinata's Byakugun verifies	byakugun
When the group split off to explore the region, Hinata was arrested and put in jail along with the other villagers. Later, Amaru locates them, sets them free, and takes them to safety	jail
Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie Hinata and the other members of the Konoha 11 repel an assault by what appears to be the whole Akatsuki cast but are a group of the White Zetsu Army in disguise. When Naruto and Sakura are taken to the Genjutsu World, they see Hinata; she is more forceful, self-assured, and dressed provocatively	ninja, ninja, movie, sakura
Sakura is horrified by Hinata's vow to murder her for "flirting" with Naruto since she is smitten by him in the Genjutsu World, and she threatens every girl with him. Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison A crew, including Hinata, is dispatched to the Blood Prison to save Naruto, who was unjustly detained there	blood, movie, sakura
She worries when he gets impaled and is relieved when Ryzetsu saves him. Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire Hinata is a member of a team assembled by Hamura's ancestors who had sealed them to Konoha as they look for the supposedly lost ninja Kakashi	ninja, ninja, team, movie
Despite finding Naruto and Sakura, Hiruko's goons assault them, and Team 8 members ultimately have to battle Ni and her chimera dogs. Even though they succeed in defeating her, Ni joins forces with colleagues Ichi and San to form a huge flying beast	team, battle, sakura
Hinata and Neji utilize their Gentle Fist to kill the beast as the other members of the Konoha 11 divert its attention. The Konoha 11 are forced to combine their efforts against the beast due to Hiruko's repairs, and Hinata and Neji's contribution is the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms	attention
The Last: Naruto the Movie Every Naruto fan waited for this movie since they wanted to see Naruto and Hinata fall in love; this is one of the main reasons for this movie. The moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki had long ago built to enclose Kaguya Otsutsuki's body starts to descend toward Earth two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War's events	love, war, movie
Naruto must cope with this new danger since the moon is now a meteor that will vaporize everything upon impact. Toneri Otsutsuki, a Hamura Otsutsuki descendant who is obstinately eager to carry on his ancestor's heritage, is to blame for the situation	danger
Hinata wants to give Naruto a special present of affection during the Konohagakure Winter Festival—a crimson scarf she crocheted herself in memory of the one he wore in the Academy. Sakura offers to assist	academy, affection, scarf, sakura
After failing to capture Hinata and causing damage to the scarf she had crafted, Toneri then infiltrated Konoha and abducted Hanabi Hyuga. Naruto, Hinata, Sakura, Sai , and Shikamaru go to save Hanabi after being sent on a mission	mission, scarf, sakura
Shikamaru is also handed a unique clock that is only owned by the five Kage and appears to be counting down to the end of the world. Naruto eventually understood the idea of love while traveling through the village's ruins and going through Hinata's memories	love
Toneri eventually steals Hanabi's Byakugun and inserts them into his vacant eye sockets, reawakening the Tenseigan that Hamura's ancestors had sealed during the previous millennia. After being severely beaten by Toneri, he also succeeds in asking Hinata to marry him, and she acts self-assured, which sends Naruto into a profound melancholy	byakugun
While Naruto is away, Sasuke returns to Konoha to defend the town from meteors that have broken off the moon. Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze Many Naruto fans may not know about this, but every fan should read this as it is about Naruto and Hinata's dating life and shows where they went out on dates and how it happened	fans, love, sakura
List of Video Games Hinata Appeared in: Jump Super Stars 8 August 2005 Naruto RPG 2: Chidori vs. Rasengan 14 July 2005 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja 4 5 April 2007 24 March 2009 Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! EX 3 27 November 2008 Naruto Shippūden: Naruto vs	ninja, ninja
Sasuke 4 July 2008 6 November 2010 Naruto Mobile 2016 2016 Naruto Shippūden: Clash of Ninja Revolution 3 17 November 2009 Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! EX 2 29 November 2007 Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! Special 2 December 2010 Naruto Shippūden: Kizuna Drive 15 July 2010 22 March 2011 Naruto Shippūden: Ninja Destiny 3 28 April 2009 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja 5 20 December 2007 27 November 2009 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Blazing 14 July 2016 24 August 2016 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 3 10 December 2009 11 May 2010 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Impact 20 October 2011 18 October 2011 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2 21 October 2010 19 October 2010 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 18 April 2013 5 March 2013 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 4 February 2016 9 February 2016 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations 23 February 2012 13 March 2012 Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution 11 September 2014 16 September 2014 Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker 30 August 2018 31 August 2018 Naruto x Boruto: Ninja Tribes June 2019 June 2019 Naruto x Boruto: Ninja Voltage 22 November 2017 22 November 2017 Naruto: Clash of Ninja 2 4 December 2003 26 September 2006 Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution 23 October 2007 Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution 2 21 October 2008 Naruto: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! 3 20 November 2004 Naruto: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! 4 21 November 2005 Naruto: Konoha Senki 12 September 2003 Naruto: Ninja Council 3 27 April 2006 22 May 2007 Naruto: Path of the Ninja 2 13 July 2006 14 October 2008 Naruto: Shinobi Collection 2014 Naruto: Shinobi Collection Shippū Ranbu 27 July 2015 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 23 October 2003 26 June 2006 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 2 30 September 2004 12 June 2007 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 3 22 December 2005 25 March 2008 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 28 August 2007 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 2: The Phantom Fortress 30 March 2006 24 June 2008 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Online 14 April 2013 20 July 2016 Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm 15 January 2009 4 November 2008 FAQs about Hinata Hyuga Q. In which episode do Naruto and Hinata get married? A	ninja, ninja, married
They get married in Episode 494 - Naruto’s Wedding. Q	married
Is Hinata Hyuga a Byakugan Princess? A. Hinata Hyuga is a Byakugan princess, as revealed in Naruto Movie: The Last	movie, princess, byakugan
Q. Are there any manga series about Hinata and Naruto’s dating time? A	manga, series
Yes, it’s in the Sakura Hiden arc. Q	arc, sakura
Who is Hinata Hyuga younger sister? A. Hanabi Hyuga is a younger sister of Hinata Hyuga	sister
Page Contributors Edit this page Page History Edit this page Open Closed All Open Closed CREATE ISSUE EDIT All Issues EDIT THIS PAGE CREATE ISSUE Type * Select Issue Type Inaccurate content Missing topics Spelling/ grammar Formatting Incorrect/ broken links Writing style & flow Other Describe Issue * Cancel Create Issue CREATE A NEW WIKI PAGE Wiki Parent Select Category Minecraft Terraria Naruto Tiktok Youtube GTA One Piece Community Hub Page Title Slug You may be interested in editing an existing similar wiki page Cancel Next This functionality is open only to Wiki Admins × ✅ Thanks! Help us improve this page Edit Rate this Content! ✅ Thanks! Help us improve this page Edit Feedback How can we improve? Grammar Incorrect facts Writing style Website Design Missing Topics Other Cancel Submit Popular In Naruto Wiki Naruto Characters Naruto Wiki How many episodes are there in Naruto? Naruto Wiki When does the 4th Great Ninja War Start? Naruto Wiki Why did Kakashi kill Rin? Naruto Wiki Naruto Villages Naruto Wiki All Akatsuki Rings and their Owners Naruto Wiki Tailed Beasts Names Naruto Wiki What are all the Sharingans in Naruto? Naruto Wiki Naruto Uzumaki Naruto Wiki Naruto Akatsuki Members Naruto Wiki When does Naruto meet his Dad? Naruto Wiki When does Naruto fight Pain? Naruto Wiki Comments Sort by: Most popular Recent Most upvotes Post as Guest *No login required Cancel Post Show More Comments Latest Wiki Pages Mr. Naruto Wiki 8 mn 19 d Jigen in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 20 d Shamo in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 21 d Kakesu in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 21 d Rokuro in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 22 d Namua in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 24 d Fugo in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 24 d Eho Norimaki in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 24 d Kikuchiyo in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 26 d Maruta in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 26 d Tekkan in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 26 d Kozuchi in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 26 d Mozu Shitakiri in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 28 d Tsuzura Shitakiri in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 28 d Yuki (hawk) in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 28 d Anaguma in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 28 d Batta in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 28 d Ran Sogi in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 29 d Soul Tao in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 29 d Yuina Itomaki in Naruto Naruto Wiki 9 mn 29 d Load More Trending Topics • Mock Draft Simulator • Trade Analyzer • Start/Sit Optimizer • DFS Lineup Optimizer • Olympics • Playoff Predictor • NHL • MMA • 2024 Draft Prospects • Tony Pauline • NBA Draft Simulator • Blox Fruits Codes • Roblox Codes 2024 • Fortnite Item Shop • Movies • K Pop • Lifestyle • NBA • Golf • Fantasy Football • Spelling Bee Solver • Connections Helper • Fantasy Football • US Open draw • Reality TV • Commanders trade • Russell Wilson • Naomi Osaka • Angel Reese Lebron • Jalen Hurts • Angel Reese • Farm Strange Coin D2 • Taylor Fritz • GTA Van Location • Damian Lillard • Emma Raducanu • Brittany Mahomes • Josh Allen • Aaron Rodgers • Dinka Jester Classic • Nate Diaz • Jeanie Buss Lebron • Paulo Costa • Aljamain Sterling • Logan Paul Important Links About Us Affiliate Program Editoral Standards Careers Fact Check Contact Us Policies Advertise With Us Download App Sportskeeda's Terms and Privacy Policy Copyright @ 2024 Sportskeeda 1 ✕ 🔍 Search No Results Found 🔥 Popular Top Categories WWE WWE Home Brainbuster🆕 Money in the bank NXT Heatwave SK Shorts⏱️ Quiz WWE WrestleMania XL Seth Rollins Roman Reigns Cody Rhodes RAW Results SmackDown Roster PPV Schedule Champions NFL NFL Home Schedule ⚡ Team Name Generator Depth Charts Player Guessing Game Stat Leaders Standings Patrick Mahomes 2024 Fantasy Football Fantasy Football Guide Basketball Basketball Home NBA Home NBA Draft Simulator Schedule Standings Trade Rumors Top NBA Queries WNBA Draft Players and Roster 2023 Injury Updates Lakers Warriors MLB MLB Home MLB Schedule World Baseball Classic Top MLB Picks Predictions New York Yankees Shohei Ohtani Alex Rodriguez Derek Jeter Trade Rumors Free Agency NHL NHL Home NHL Predictions NHL Power Rankings NHL Draft Stanley Cup Final Tennis Tennis Home Cincinnati Open 2024 US Open Tennis 2024 Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Roger Federer Jannik Sinner Carlos Alcaraz Serena Williams Iga Swiatek Coco Gauff Aryna Sabalenka ATP Rankings WTA Rankings MMA MMA Home UFC News ONE Championship UFC Fight Night Schedule Rankings Results UFC Fights Tonight ONE Championship Results ONE Championship Schedule ONE Championship Rankings Football Football Home Newsletters Schedule EURO Copa America EPL Champions League Nations League La Liga Ligue 1 MLS Bundesliga Serie A Golf Golf Home The Open Championship 2024 PGA Tour LIV Golf Tiger Woods Phil Mickelson Paige Spiranac The Masters 2024 The US Open Travelers Championship F1 F1 Home Canadian Grand Prix Schedule Teams Standings Results Drivers Qualifying Fantasy Max Verstappen Lewis Hamilton Red Bull Racing F1 Mercedes F1 AMG F1 World Champions College Football College Football Home Schedule ⚡ Standings ⚡ Depth Charts 2024 Recruitment Ranking College Football Playoff Predictor Teams Mock Draft Simulator College Basketball College Basketball Home Standings Schedule College Football Playoff Predictor Cricket Cricket Home Schedule PAK vs BAN SL vs ENG WI vs SA Vitality Blast Delhi T20 Pondicherry League Assam T20 KFC Max T20 CPL 24 Metro Bank One Day Esports Esports Home Fortnite Minecraft Roblox Palworld Call Of Duty GTA Pokemon Anime Wuthering Waves Gaming Tech Valorant PUBG Streamers Word Game Solvers Black Myth: Wukong Wiki Guides Fortnite Fortnite Home Fortnite Item Shop Fortnite Shop Predicted Quiz Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 3 New Leaks Challenges Fortnite Updates Creative Codes Deathrun Codes Skins & Characters Zone Wars Codes Prop Hunt Codes Horror Map Codes Augments GTA GTA Home GTA 6 Leaks GTA 6 GTA Online GTA 5 Cheats GTA 5 Cheats Xbox One GTA San Andreas GTA Vice City GTA 5 Songs GTA V Cheats PS4 GTA 5 Cheats PS3 GTA 6 Price GTA 3 Cheats GTA San Andreas Car Cheats GTA Vice City Cheats LS Tags GTA Online Minecraft Minecraft Home Quiz News Minecraft 1.21 Update Best Seed Minecraft 1.20 Minecraft 1.21 Seeds Minecraft 1.20 Update Minecraft Snapshots Minecraft Dungeons Minecraft Farms Minecraft Guide Minecraft Championship (MCC) Minecraft Villager Jobs Best Y Level for Diamonds 1.20 Netherite in Minecraft AEW AEW Home AEW Dynamite AEWxNJPW: Forbidden Door III AEW Rampage AEW Dark Roster Rumors Champions Results PPV Schedule Anime Anime Home Quiz One Piece Naruto Dragon Ball Jujutsu Kaisen Demon Slayer Tokyo Revengers Comics Jujutsu Kaisen Chapter 262 Spoilers One Piece chapter 1117 Spoilers My Hero Academia chapter 426 spoilers Word Game Solvers Jujutsu Kaisen Chapter 263 spoilers AFL AFL Home Olympics 2024 Olympics 2024 Home Word Game Solvers Connections Hints Today's Wordle Answer Wordle Solver Word Unscrambler Spelling Bee Solver Wiki Wiki Home Minecraft Wiki Naruto Wiki TikTok Wiki Youtube Wiki GTA Wiki Terraria Wiki One Piece Wiki Community Hub More US Edition AU Edition Swimming Athletics Motorsports Skiing Gymnastics NASCAR WNBA Free Fire Valorant Among Us Pokemon Battlegrounds Mobile India Gaming Tech Comics Roblox MMO College Baseball High School Sports Shows Music Sports Fashion Reality TV K-Pop Movies Daily Soaps NRL Fantasy Cricket Indian Football Wiki Home Minecraft Wiki Naruto Wiki TikTok Wiki Youtube Wiki GTA Wiki Terraria Wiki One Piece Wiki Community Hub 🔗 LINKS About Us Write For Us Policies Grievance Redressal Editorial Standards Fact Check Affiliate Program Careers CSR Privacy Policy Contact Us Manage notifications Edition: English हिन्दी	ninja, ninja, team, anime, type, name, war, title
