content	keywords
Nonetheless, Hinata persevered and from her observation of Naruto Uzumaki especially, Hinata found an example to follow. Through her membership with Team 8, she sought to become strong enough to change herself, if even a little at a time	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata Discusses Boruto with Shino, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Evacuates During Attack, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
"A few years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, Hinata joined the Uzumaki clan after marrying Naruto.

Contents
1	Background
2	Personality
3	Appearance
4	Abilities
4.1	Chakra Prowess and Control
4.2	Byakugan
4.3	Physical Prowess
4.4	Ninjutsu
4.5	Stats
5	Part I
5.1	Prologue — Land of Waves
5.2	Chūnin Exams
5.3	Konoha Crush
5.4	Sasuke Recovery Mission
5.5	Bikōchū Search Mission
5.6	Academy Student Lead Mission
5.7	Gosunkugi Capture Mission
5.8	Buried Gold Excavation Mission
5.9	Peddlers Escort Mission
5.10	Lady Daimyō Search Mission
5.11	Sunagakure Support Mission
6	Interlude
6.1	In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' Paths
7	Part II
7.1	Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission
7.2	Akatsuki Suppression Mission
7.3	Three-Tails' Appearance
7.4	Itachi Pursuit Mission
7.5	Fated Battle Between Brothers
7.6	Six-Tails Unleashed
7.7	Pain's Assault
7.8	Five Kage Summit
7.9	Power
7.10	Paradise Life on a Boat
7.11	Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation
7.12	Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax
7.13	Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki
7.14	Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes
8	Blank Period
8.1	Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky
8.2	The Last: Naruto the Movie
8.3	Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze
8.4	Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding
8.5	Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise
9	New Era: Part I
9.1	Academy Entrance Arc
9.2	Sarada Uchiha Arc
9.3	Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child Day
9.4	School Trip Arc
9.5	Graduation Exams Arc
9.6	Genin Mission Arc
9.7	Byakuya Gang Arc
9.8	Versus Momoshiki Arc
9.9	Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc
9.10	One-Tail Escort Arc
9.11	Time Slip Arc
9.12	Kara Actuation Arc
9.13	Ao Arc
9.14	Kawaki Arc
9.15	Chūnin Re-Examination Arc
9.16	Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure Arc
9.17	Kawaki & Himawari Academy Arc
9.18	Code's Assault Arc
9.19	Omnipotence Arc
10	New Era: Part II
10.1	Boruto's Return Arc
11	In Other Media
11.1	Movies
11.1.1	Naruto Shippūden the Movie
11.1.2	Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds
11.1.3	Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire
11.1.4	Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison
11.1.5	Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie
11.2	Video Games
12	Trivia
13	Quotes
14	References
Background

Hinata and Hanabi fight for the heiress position.

Hinata is the oldest daughter of Hiashi Hyūga. When she was still a child, Hinata was almost kidnapped by the-then Head Ninja of Kumogakure, who was visiting Konoha under the guise of signing a peace treaty between their two villages"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Post-Exam Storylines, Anime Missions and Character Development, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Confronts Boruto
"Hiashi killed him and saved Hinata, setting in motion the events that would become known as the ""Hyūga Affair"".[9]

Because Hiashi was the head of the Hyūga clan, Hinata was raised to be its heiress and her family expected great things from her. But even at a young age, her father came to believe that Hinata was not suited for the role of heiress, as she struggled under his gruesome training regime, on top of him also believing that her timid personality prevented her from truly excelling"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
When Hinata's younger sister Hanabi started displaying superior talent, Hiashi began to reconsider Hinata's selection as heiress. In the anime, Hinata and Hanabi were pitted against each other to determine who would one day lead the Hyūga	Hinata Hyuga
"Because Hinata was unwilling to harm Hanabi - a hesitation Hanabi did not share - she was defeated, disappointing her father.[10] Hinata was then disinherited and turned over to the care of Kurenai Yūhi.[11]

	

Hinata meets Naruto.

On the day of her enrolment in Konoha's Academy,[12] Hinata was picked on by three bullies because of her unusual eyes. Naruto, despite not knowing her, immediately came to her defence, but he was outnumbered and knocked unconscious, and the bullies damaged the red scarf he was wearing"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
When he regained consciousness, Hinata thanked him for helping her and returned his scarf to him, but he let her keep it. Hinata started watching Naruto from that point onwards, and by doing so saw Naruto's desire to gain attention and his struggle to exceed the extremely low expectations others had for him	Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata Captured and Saved
Despite this, Naruto never lost faith in himself or his dream to become the Hokage. Hinata was inspired by this and started emulating Naruto, adopting his refusal to never give up as a means of earning her father's approval	Hinata Hyuga
"In the anime, Hinata's growing affections for Naruto were noticed by the Hyūga's elders, who warned her to stay away from him.[13]

Personality

As a child, Hinata was soft-spoken and polite, always addressing people with proper honourifics. She is kind, always thinking of others more than for herself, caring for their feelings and well-being"	Hinata Personality, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development
"She doesn't like being confrontational for any reason. This led to her being meek or timid to others, as her overwhelming kindness can render her unable to respond or act for fear of offending somebody.[14] Her father's constant push to alter this personality trait when she was younger only made it worse, eroding Hinata's self-confidence and making her even more bashful because she gained so little faith in herself and opinions.[3] Despite being disinherited, Hinata loves her family very much, as shown when she ""agreed"" to marry Toneri in order to rescue Hanabi even though she knew it meant breaking Naruto's heart and the possibility she and Toneri actually would get married.

Hinata's outlook sees a shift after her appointment to Team 8"	Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata Confronts Boruto
Whereas her father and much of the Hyūga clan had decided she was a lost cause who would never amount to anything,[15] her team considers her a valuable member with her special strong points. Originally, she would over-rely on her teammates, looking to them in times of difficulty to save her from situations that make her uncomfortable	Hinata Hyūga Family
"It is for her teammates - among other reasons - that Hinata starts seeking to change herself, as she wishes to help the team rather than burden it.[16]

Hinata dreams of being with Naruto.

Hinata's primary motivation is Naruto Uzumaki, with whom she has been fascinated since meeting him. He initially gained her attention because of his kindness to her and outspoken nature, and then kept her attention because of similarities that Hinata perceived to herself: Naruto had a painful childhood without the love of parents, a fate worse than the mere difficulty she had with her own father, and he craves the attention and acknowledgement of anybody, just as Hinata wants to please her father.[17] But whereas Hinata lost faith in herself, Naruto always believed he can accomplish any given task if he tries hard enough"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Zetsu, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata Discusses Boruto with Shino, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Evacuates During Attack, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
She admires him deeply for this courage and over time fell deeply in love with him, which manifests as increased shyness and speechlessness when around him, something that became apparent to everyone, apart from ironically Naruto himself. Hinata strives to prove herself to others, but mostly to gain the attention and worthiness of Naruto	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
"She emulates him to this purpose, adopting his nindō of never giving up to improve herself. To that end, she stops running from confrontation, instead doing all that she can to face it, even in the face of failure to keep trying, and willing to risk her life for her loved ones and village.[18] By the end of Part I, her clan's faith in her is restored and strengthened.[19]

Hinata's intimidating demeanour.

Throughout the years, Naruto remains her primary motivation; she willingly faced Pain to protect Naruto, despite knowing she has no chance of winning.[20] She even defends Naruto from himself when he's in doubt, repeating to him his refusal to never give up.[21] Two years after the war, upon achieving her greatest dream of having her love reciprocated by Naruto to form a deep and committed relationship together, she became more expressive about her feelings"	Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Physical and Mental Prowess, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata Confronts Boruto
In the anime, she is able to laugh openly because of it.[22] After marrying Naruto and he becomes Hokage, Hinata remains supportive of him and his increased responsibilities, even though she yearns for him to be home more often. As a mother and wife, she has become a master homemaker, keeping the family well-structured yet well-adjusted and happy	Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Hinata Encourages Naruto
"While very loving and supportive of her family, she is equally strict and assertive. Her newfound structured nature made her very intimidating and more easily angered when her family acts up, easily keeping them in line and swiftly punishing them for their misconduct.[23][8] She is also insightful and wise with her words, realising that her children, particularly Boruto, take after Naruto in the desire to prove themselves to others and that she must believe in them to do things on their own.[24]

Appearance

Hinata is a slender girl of fair-complexion who, as a Hyūga, her most distinguishing trait is the Byakugan, giving her featureless white eyes (lavender in the anime)"	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Confronts Boruto
"She has dark blue hair that she keeps in a bob-cut of different lengths: in Part I, her hair is cut just above her forehead akin to a bowl-cut with chin-length strands framing her face; in Part II, her hair reaches her lower back and the framing strands reach shoulder-length; in The Last: Naruto the Movie, her hair extends beyond her hips and she would at times tie it into a ponytail. By the time Boruto entered the Academy, she cut it into a bob-style reaching her shoulders.[25] She is noted to be beautiful by Naruto[12] and Toneri Ōtsutsuki.

1/3

In Part I, Hinata usually wears a cream-coloured hooded-jacket with a fire symbol on the upper sleeves and fur around the cuffs and hem"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata’s Family Life
She also wears navy blue pants and keeps her forehead protector loosely around her neck. In Part II, she dons a lavender and cream hooded-jacket with lavender cuffs over mesh armour	Appearance
"She also wears navy blue pants, black, low-heeled sandals, and changes the cloth of her forehead protector from blue to black. Hinata switches to the standard Konoha infantry flak jacket and assorted clothing during the Fourth Shinobi World War, though she does not appear to wear a forehead protector.

1/2

Two years after the war, Hinata's mission attire is a form-fitting light lavender, sleeveless kimono-style blouse with vertical lines, tied with a dark purple obi around her waist and short dark navy shorts"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Appearance
She also wore thigh-high stockings with black, open-toed boots. She does not wear her forehead protector at all	Appearance
Her outfits become more varied after that, changing to match the occasion or simply being more casual than her prior garb. During Hinata's and Toneri's wedding, she wore a wide black and grey top with a long grey sash around her waist	Hinata Relationships
She also wore short puffy pants with black lace socks and sandals. On her head was a black turban with a black and light yellow veil over and yellow crescent moon earrings	Hinata Hyuga
During Hinata's and Naruto's wedding, she wore a traditional white kimono with a flower in her hair. After getting married, she consistently wears a light purple short-sleeved jacket, a long-sleeved white shirt with a two pink coloured strips underneath it, light brown shorts and purple open-toed boots	Appearance
"In the Boruto manga, Hinata has a necklace with the Uzumaki symbol on it. She also wears her wedding ring on her left hand and has her hair cut into a short bob style with fringes covering the top of her forehead.

Abilities

Hinata repelling a Ten-Tails mini-clone with the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms.

Originally, Hinata's gentle personality hindered her performance, to which she was deemed too weak and unworthy for the role of heir.[26] After committing herself getting stronger in her training for Naruto, receiving consistent praise from her team and clan for her improving skills and strengthening character.[27][20][18] Two years after the war, Hinata, having been recognised by Hamura Ōtsutsuki as the Byakugan Princess, proves to be crucial in the destruction of the Tenseigan, even though she herself can't destroy it.[7]

Over a decade later, while rusty as she retired to be a housewife, Hinata's prowess still remained formidable"	Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Physical and Mental Prowess, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
"Despite being unprepared and reluctant to fight Hanabi, an active jōnin who continues training to become the next Hyūga clan leader, Hinata decisively defeated her sister in a match.[28]

Chakra Prowess and Control

Hinata's Gentle Step: Twin Lion Fist using Hamura's chakra.

From her special clan training, Hinata has advanced control of her chakra. In the anime, Hinata's additional training during Part I resulted in her ability to free herself from contraints[29] and manipulate nearby water sources, turning them into projectiles.[30] By Part II of the anime, Hinata's control has advanced enough to match a medical-nin's, for which reason she is assigned to help perform the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier.

When she met Hamura, Hinata inherited some of his chakra because she is a member of the Hyūga clan's main house"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
"It is the strength and purity of her chakra that attracts Toneri Ōtsutsuki. It is also because of her being the member of the Hyūga clan's main house and direct bloodline from Hamura that she can touch and find the Tenseigan, though she can't destroy it by herself, so instead she held Naruto's hand to give him allowance to touch the Tenseigan and for him to destroy it, since anyone without the Hyūga and Ōtsutsuki bloodline can't touch it.

Byakugan

Hinata's Byakugan.

As a Hyūga, Hinata possesses the Byakugan, a dōjutsu that grants her penetrative vision in a near-360° around herself, with one blind spot at the back of the neck above the first thoracic vertebra.[31] With it, she is able to assist others frequently in tracking, scouting the area for their target(s); by focusing her vision in a single direction, Hinata can see across vast distances, able to see at least 1 kilometre during her first Chūnin Exam, and reaching as far away as 20 kilometres by the battle against Toneri"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Physical and Mental Prowess, Hinata Advises Boruto
"Hinata's Byakugan grants her attacks pinpoint accuracy, which she can share with others to also improve their own.[32] She can also use it in order to identify genjutsu, searching for the caster in the nearby area.[33] In the anime, Hinata can use infrared vision and magnify in to see tiny targets.[34] By adulthood, the chakra sensitivity provided by the Byakugan allows her to pick up on the slightest presence of chakra.[35]

Physical Prowess

As is traditional in her clan, Hinata has been extensively trained in the Gentle Fist fighting style. In unison with her Byakugan, Hinata can attack accurately target an individuals' chakra pathway systems and the 361 tenketsu that run along it, constricting or cutting off their chakra flow from only minimal contact.[15] Although this enables Hinata to attack an opponent's internal organs, she can also use it in a supplementary function, such as by setting dislocated shoulders back in place.[36]

Hinata and Neji combining their Eight Trigrams Vacuum Palms.

While Hinata hadn't yet mastered her clan's most advanced techniques in Part I, in the anime, she created the Protecting Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms as an alternative, which effectively protects her and attacks anything within range with sharp streams of chakra emitted from her palms.[37] By Part II, she had grown accustomed to more of her clan's techniques"	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Physical and Mental Prowess, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"During Pain's Assault, Hinata could use the Gentle Step Twin Lion Fists, a technique that drains the target of their chakra where struck. During the Fourth Shinobi World War, Hinata could use the Eight Trigrams Vacuum Palm to attack targets outside her physical range or deflect incoming attacks,[38] which increases in power if used in conjunction with others.[39] She also mastered the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms in the war.[40] By the time she reaches adulthood, she became well-known for her mastery of the Gentle Fist.[41] As an adult, she could even knock out a target with a single strike to their tenketsu.[42][43] Hinata is also proven to be very resilient, having survived an assault by Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki.

Ninjutsu

While Hinata doesn't usually use ninjutsu, by the Fourth Shinobi World War, her nature transformations included Fire and Lightning Release.[4] In the anime, she also demonstrated proficiency in medical ninjutsu, able to use the Mystical Palm Technique to heal the wounded.[44]

Stats
Databook	Ninjutsu	Taijutsu	Genjutsu	Intelligence	Strength	Speed	Stamina	Hand seals	Total
First	1.5	2.5	1	2.5	1	2	1.5	2	14
Second	1.5	3	1	3	1	2	1.5	2	15
Third	3	3.5	2.5	3.5	1.5	2.5	2	3	21.5
Part I
Prologue — Land of Waves

Main article: Prologue — Land of Waves
In the anime, while the graduates of her Academy class are being assigned to teams, Hinata hopes that she will be on the same team as Naruto Uzumaki"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Physical and Mental Prowess, Chūnin Exams, Post-Exam Storylines, Anime Missions and Character Development, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Zetsu, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata Discusses Boruto with Shino, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Evacuates During Attack, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
"To her disappointment, she is instead added to Kurenai Yūhi's Team 8, along with Kiba Inuzuka and Shino Aburame. Kurenai reports this to Hinata's father, Hiashi Hyūga, but he is unconcerned and in fact abandons Hinata to Kurenai's care, feeling she is unworthy of the Hyūga clan.[15]

Chūnin Exams

Main article: Chūnin Exams

Hinata lets Naruto copy her test.

Despite how recently they graduated from the Academy, Kurenai enters Team 8 in the Chūnin Exams being held in Konoha; Hinata agrees to participate because she wants to change herself"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata Discusses Boruto with Shino, Hinata Confronts Boruto
For the exams' first stage, Hinata is seated next to Naruto as they take a written test. The objective in the first stage is to cheat off of other examinee's paper without getting caught, but Naruto doesn't realise this and agonises about potentially failing	Hinata Hyuga
Seeing this, Hinata offers to let him copy off of her paper. He suspects she's trying to trick him, but she assures him that she only wants to be helpful	Hinata Hyuga
"Although he considers taking her up on her offer, Naruto ultimately declines, fearing that he'll get her disqualified if they're caught and claiming that, besides, he isn't the type to cheat.

Although Naruto is given the opportunity to forfeit, he refuses to do so, and for his determination, he passes the first stage along with Hinata and their teams. For the second stage, participants enter the Forest of Death with the objective of obtaining a set of two scrolls, one of which they are given at the start"	Chūnin Exams, Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto
Team 8 manages to collect their second scroll right after the second stage has started, and so they head for the centre of the forest where they're supposed to turn in the scrolls. Along the way, Kiba's partner, Akamaru, senses the Three Sand Siblings' fight with Team Shigure	Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces
"Team 8 watches the fight from the cover of some nearby bushes and is horrified when Gaara mercilessly kills all of Team Shigure. After they're certain Gaara won't kill them too, they proceed to the centre of the forest.

After passing the second stage, the remaining participants take part in one-on-one preliminary matches"	Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Post-Exam Storylines, Allied Shinobi Forces
During Naruto's fight with Kiba, Hinata's loyalties are torn; she wants to cheer for Naruto, but fears that would be rude to Kiba. When Naruto wins the fight, Hinata gives both him and Kiba some of the Hyūga Clan Secret Ointment so that their wounds will heal faster	Hinata Hyūga Family, Chūnin Exams
As he's being taken away to rest, Kiba pleads for Hinata to forfeit if she's matched against Gaara or her cousin, Neji Hyūga. She is indeed matched against the latter, a member of a Hyūga clan branch house who hates all members of the main house	Hinata Hyūga Family, Chūnin Exams, Post-Exam Storylines, Deva Path, Zetsu, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Neji’s Death
"Neji, like Kiba, tries to convince Hinata to forfeit, telling her that she's too meek and insecure to be a ninja. She begins to offer arguments in her defence, but Neji persists, claiming that she is fated to be a failure, a fact that he believes she's aware of due to her frightened reaction to what he says.

Hinata fights Neji.

Neji's words cause Hinata to cry, but also anger the watching Naruto, who insists that Hinata can change herself if she wants to and who encourages her to defeat Neji"	Hinata Confronts Boruto
Because Naruto has faith in her, Hinata refuses to forfeit and prepares to fight; Neji is surprised by the new confidence in her. Hinata and Neji exchange Gentle Fist-blows, but only Neji's are effective, which he reveals to be because he sealed her tenketsu at the start of their fight	Byakugan and Abilities
"Although her attacks are ineffective against him, Hinata continues fighting, in the process enduring mounting internal trauma from Neji's counterattacks. Neji repeatedly tells her to forfeit, but Hinata refuses, unwilling to back down both as a matter of principle and because Naruto continues to cheer for her.

Hinata is saved from Neji.

Neji directly attacks Hinata's heart, leading all but Naruto to believe she's been defeated"	Hinata Hyuga
When Hayate Gekkō is about to declare Neji the winner, Naruto stops him and motions to Hinata struggling to her feet. Neji tells her that her attempts to fight her destiny are only bringing her harm, but she rebuts that his own attempt to fight the destiny of the branch house brings him even more harm	Hinata Hyuga
Neji is enraged and attempts to kill her, but he is stopped by the observing jōnin. Hinata collapses, the damage to her organs being too severe, and before she loses consciousness she sees Naruto checking on her; she wonders if she managed to change at all	Hinata Abilities
"She's taken away by a team of medical-nin to be given emergency medical attention.

After a month, on the day of the Chūnin Exams' final matches, Hinata has recovered somewhat. Although she's supposed to take it easy, she practices at the Third Training Ground"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Post-Exam Storylines, Deva Path, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
Naruto stops there on his way to finals and is glad to see she's better. Because he's scheduled to fight Neji, Naruto shares his concerns that he might not be strong enough to defeat him	Hinata Hyuga
Hinata says that she believes he is strong enough, and that even if he isn't physically strong he still has strength of perseverance: a willingness to keep trying despite apparent failure until he finally conquers his obstacle. She admires him for that	Physical and Mental Prowess
"Naruto is put at ease, thanks her, and informs her that his impression of her as ""weird"" was wrong, as he actually likes her. Hinata is left speechless as he walks away.

Hinata watches Naruto's fight against Neji with Kiba"	Hinata Hyuga
Seeing Naruto receive so many of Neji's attacks upsets Hinata and causes her internal injuries to begin bleeding again. Kiba gets an Anbu (Kabuto Yakushi) to treat her	Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts
"Although the Anbu heals her, she is rendered unconscious and thus is unable to watch Naruto's defeat of Neji.

Konoha Crush

Main article: Konoha Crush
In the anime, when the invasion of Konoha begins, the still-unconscious Hinata is kidnapped by Kumo-nin. She is rescued by Neji, who has had a change of perspective as a result of his loss to Naruto"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Post-Exam Storylines, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
"Several days after the invasion is successfully repelled, Hinata attends the Third Hokage's funeral.

Sasuke Recovery Mission

Main article: Sasuke Recovery Mission
According to Kiba, Hinata visited Naruto while he was in the Konoha Hospital after his failed attempt to stop Sasuke Uchiha from defecting from Konoha. When she saw how badly hurt he was, she immediately fainted.

Bikōchū Search Mission

Main article: Bikōchū Search Mission

Team 8 and Naruto searching for the bikōchū.

In the anime, Team 8 (at Hinata's insistence) helps Naruto find a bikōchū, which he can use to locate Sasuke by scent"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Post-Exam Storylines, Allied Shinobi Forces
"After a day of searching, Hinata goes off by herself and trains by a waterfall in order to create a new jutsu. Naruto sees her, though he doesn't realise it's Hinata; she becomes embarrassed when he later tells Kiba about the ""beautiful girl"" he saw"	Hinata Hyuga
"When they are attacked by members of the Kamizuru clan, Hinata uses her new Protecting Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms to save her team. Although they ultimately fail in their plan to use the bikōchū to find Sasuke, their near-success earns praise from Hinata's father, Hiashi.

Academy Student Lead Mission

Main article: Academy Student Lead Mission
In the anime, Hinata is put in charge of a team of Academy students (Nobori, Daichi, and Matsuri) to teach them survival skills"	Hinata Abilities, Byakugan and Abilities, Deva Path
"Very little of their exercise is seen, but Hinata does teach her students how to establish a campsite.

Gosunkugi Capture Mission

Main article: Gosunkugi Capture Mission
In the anime, Naruto, Kiba, and Hinata are assigned to catch a thief, Gosunkugi. Gosunkugi is captured by a bounty hunter before they can catch him themselves, for which reason their mission is officially deemed a failure.

Buried Gold Excavation Mission

Main article: Buried Gold Excavation Mission
In the anime, Naruto, Kiba, and Hinata are sent on another mission together in order to improve their teamwork, which their previous mission failures suggests they lack"	Anime Missions and Character Development, Hinata Captured and Saved
While searching for a buried treasure, they are attacked by the Kedōin clan, who impersonate each of them so that they can infiltrate Konoha and destroy it from within. Although they escape from the Kedōin, Naruto and Kiba must stop them by themselves due to a leg injury Hinata sustained	Hinata Hyūga Family, Deva Path, Hinata Evacuates During Attack
"She later returned to Konoha and mistakenly attacked Naruto, whom she believed to be an impostor.

Peddlers Escort Mission

Main article: Peddlers Escort Mission
In the anime, Naruto, Hinata, and Chōji Akimichi are sent to the Land of Vegetables to escort some merchants. A princess, Haruna, is embedded with the merchants, leading to an attack by the Janin"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Anime Missions and Character Development
"Hinata is tasked with guarding Haruna, and in the course of doing that she fights and defeats Jiga.

Lady Daimyō Search Mission

Main article: Lady Daimyō Search Mission
In the anime, Naruto, Kiba, and Hinata are sent to the Land of Honey to search for the missing Kayo. When they start to notice something strange about the castle they're search, Hinata uses her Byakugan to discover that the castle is alive.

Sunagakure Support Mission

Main article: Sunagakure Support Mission
In the anime, Hinata and the Konoha 11 are sent to help the Three Sand Siblings defeat the Four Celestial Symbols Men"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Anime Missions and Character Development, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Hinata Encourages Naruto
"Shikamaru Nara, their team leader, assigns Neji, Hinata, and Shino to clear out the areas.

After they get back to Konoha - in a scene that happens at the end of the Sasuke Recovery Mission in the manga - Hinata serves drinks to Neji and Hiashi while they train together. At Neji's encouragement, Hinata watches Naruto as he departs Konoha for several years of training, vowing to work just as hard as he plans to.

Interlude
In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' Paths

Main article: In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' Paths
In the anime, Konoha and Sunagakure hold a joint Chūnin Exam two years after Naruto's departure, which Team 8 once again enters"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Post-Exam Storylines, Anime Missions and Character Development, Allied Shinobi Forces, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
During the first exam, Hinata, Kiba, and Shino are seated in different rooms and are tasked with getting a combined score of exactly 100 points on their written test despite their separation.[45] Neji comes up with the idea for teams to communicate which questions to answer by producing vibrations on the walls. After the initial testing period is over, they are given a bonus question: each team must unanimously select one of their members to disqualify from the rest of the exams	Hinata Hyuga
"Team 8 selects nobody, which is the correct answer and which qualifies them for the next phase.[46]

Team 8 awaiting to begin the second stage of the Chūnin Exams.

Those who pass the first test must reach the Demon Desert within three days in order to participate in the second exam. Ultimately, Team 8 were among the first 30 teams to make it"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces
The following night, as all the genin were ready to eat dinner, everyone grew nervous about the overly-sweaty Burami ruining the food, which caused the genin to quickly try to stop him, resulting in Neji using the Eight Trigrams Palms Revolving Heaven and accidentally destroying the food. As tension grew between everyone over the recent event, an all-out brawl began	Hinata Abilities, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Eventually everyone lost their desire to fight when Fū arrived with her optimistic ways. The following day, as the second exam began Team 8 were given the same objective as they had in the exam several years ago: obtain a scroll from another team.[47]

Hinata faces off against Kazami.

Following a simple plan by Kiba, Team 8 began talking loudly for all to hear, waiting for another team with a Heaven scroll to come after them"	Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces
Ultimately, they encounter Team Kazami, with Hinata facing off against Kazami. Deciding to make the first move Hinata begins attacking Kazami	Hinata Hyuga
Realising Hinata's goal was to attack his Chakra Pathway System Kazami creates various sharp air currents which she counters using the Protecting Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms. During the ensuing fight the other team is able to steal their scroll	Hinata Abilities, Byakugan and Abilities
Despite Team Kazami's attempts to prevent Team 8 from pursuing them, Shino is able to track them using his kikaichū.[48] During their search, Team 8 is ambushed by Team Kazami, though they are able to escape thanks to Shino's insect clone. They regroup and then reengage battle against Team Kazami, with Kiba ultimately defeating them	Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces
"With their own scroll back and with Team Kazami's scroll now in their possession, Team 8 heads to the centre of the desert to turn in the scrolls.[49]

Team 8 eventually gets lost in a sandstorm along the way.[50] They are rescued by one of the exam's proctors, who brings them to where all of the other examinees are being assembled. They are informed that the Chūnin Exams have been cancelled; reports on the participants' performances will be sent back to their villages, leaving their promotion up to their superiors"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
"When they get back to Konoha, the Fifth Hokage promotes Hinata, Kiba, and Shino to chūnin.[51]

Part II
Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission

Main article: Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission
Two-and-a-half years after Naruto left Konoha to train, Hinata heads to a meeting with Kiba and Shino. As she approaches them, she sees them talking to Naruto"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Anime Missions and Character Development
She screams in surprise and hides behind a fence while she tries to build up the courage to greet him. Having heard her scream, Naruto investigates the source and, finding Hinata, says hello to her, inadvertently making her collapse from shock	Hinata Hyuga
"Naruto invites Team 8 to help him on a mission to find Sasuke, but they can't since they've already got another assignment.

Akatsuki Suppression Mission

Main article: Akatsuki Suppression Mission
In the anime, Hinata attends Asuma Sarutobi's funeral.

Three-Tails' Appearance

Main article: Three-Tails' Appearance

Hinata fights Guren.

In the anime, Kakashi Hatake recruits Team 8's members to help him investigate one of Orochimaru's recently-discovered bases. During their investigation, they are attacked by some of Orochimaru's subordinates, Team Guren"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Anime Missions and Character Development, Allied Shinobi Forces
When Kiba struggles against Nurari, Hinata switches with him, using her Byakugan to navigate through the smoke Nurari employs. The team's leader, Guren, soon traps Team 8 in her Jade Crystal Labyrinth Technique	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces, Hinata Captured and Saved
"Although the labyrinth's reflective surface makes it difficult for her to focus with her Byakugan, Hinata is able to locate Guren and defeat one of her Jade Crystal Clones, but is then encased in a crystal prison, where she remains until found by Team 7.

When they come across the Three-Tails, Hinata is assigned to a team tasked with sealing it. They are interrupted by Team Guren before they can complete the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier, prompting Konoha to recall them and send Anbu to seal the Three-Tails in their place.

Itachi Pursuit Mission

Main article: Itachi Pursuit Mission

The Eight Man Squad formed to pursue Itachi and Sasuke.

Teams 7 and 8 are combined into an Eight Man Squad with the mission of locating Sasuke or Itachi Uchiha"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Anime Missions and Character Development
When they split up to search, Naruto, because he's a target of Akatsuki, is given a protective escort in the form of Hinata, Yamato, and Bull. Their group is soon confronted by Kabuto Yakushi, who offers them intel on Akatsuki and its members	Naruto Shippūden Arcs
Noticing something strange about Kabuto, Hinata examines him with her Byakugan and discovers that a third of his body has been taken over by Orochimaru's remains. Kabuto escapes and they later regroup with the rest of the team	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities
"Kiba is able to find Sasuke's trail, which they begin following.

Fated Battle Between Brothers

Main article: Fated Battle Between Brothers
As they near Sasuke's location, they are intercepted by Tobi of Akatsuki. They make repeated attempts to kill or capture him, but every attack passes through him without sign of damage"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Captured and Saved
Suspecting a genjutsu is being used, Hinata searches the area with her Byakugan to locate a caster, but can find nobody. She focuses on Tobi's chakra signature to try and understand how his ability works, but is mystified when it simply vanishes	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"Tobi leaves them when he receives news that Itachi has died while fighting Sasuke. Hinata uses her Byakugan to locate where their fight took place and they rush to reach Sasuke before Tobi does, but they are too late and cannot rediscover his trail.

Six-Tails Unleashed

Main article: Six-Tails Unleashed
In the anime, Katsuyu meets them as they return to Konoha to give them a new mission: helping the Tsuchigumo clan protect its forbidden technique"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Anime Missions and Character Development
"Kakashi sends the rest of Team 7 to complete the mission while he returns to the village with Team 8.

Pain's Assault

Main article: Pain's Assault

Hinata protects Naruto.

When Pain's Assault on Konoha begins, Hinata joins her teammates in defending the village. Pain later destroys the village, but Hinata is saved from harm by Katsuyu"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Anime Missions and Character Development, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Allied Shinobi Forces
Hinata's bodyguard, Kō Hyūga, is not as fortunate, but he refuses Hinata's attempts to find him medical attention. Hinata watches as Naruto fights Pain alone, initially obeying Katsuyu's and Kō's instructions not to interfere	Post-Exam Storylines, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path
After Naruto is captured by Pain's Deva Path, however, Hinata does not hesitate to come to his defence, forcing the Deva Path away from him. Naruto pleads for her to run away, telling her that she can't defeat Pain	Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Hinata Captured and Saved
"Despite knowing this already, she tells Naruto that she will fight Pain because, after years of watching him and improving herself by following his example, Hinata loves Naruto and will do what she can to protect him.

Hinata starts attacking the Deva Path with her Gentle Step Twin Lion Fists. In the anime, she succeeds in removing some of the black receivers that restrains Naruto and even hitting the Deva Path, but the outcome remains the same: the Deva Path quickly defeats her with Shinra Tensei"	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
The Deva Path then stabs her with another black receiver, leading Naruto to believe Hinata has been killed and thus causing him to enter a version 2 form. Hinata, however, is still alive, and when Team Guy finds her, Neji gets her immediate medical attention	Post-Exam Storylines, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path
"Sakura Haruno heals Hinata's injuries, allowing her to tearfully join in the village's celebration when Naruto returns after defeating Pain.

Five Kage Summit

Main article: Five Kage Summit

The Konoha shinobi discussing Sasuke.

News reaches Konoha of Sasuke's recent activity with Akatsuki, specifically his attack against Kumogakure-ninja. Hinata and the rest of the Konoha 11 (while Naruto was absent) decide that Sasuke can no longer be allowed to implicate Konoha in his criminal deeds and they resolve to personally kill him"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Neji’s Death, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"When Naruto returns to Konoha after learning of this and having his own confrontation with Sasuke, he requests that they leave dealing with Sasuke to him.

Power

Main article: Power
In the anime, Hinata is part of a team of reinforcements sent to Tonika Village to help Team 7 in the fight against Kabuto Yakushi. Hinata attempts to stop the Nine-Tailed Naruto Clone from taking chakra from Naruto, but she fails and is saved by Neji.

Paradise Life on a Boat

Main article: Paradise Life on a Boat

Hinata attends the Hyūga clan meeting to discuss upcoming war.

In the anime, Hinata was present at the Hyūga clan meeting convened by her father, Hiashi"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata Confronts Boruto, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
After hearing Hiashi declaration that Neji was to lead the clan's forces during the Fourth Shinobi World War, she was quite shocked. After the meeting she overheard Kō contest with her father about his decision, reminding him of how much Hinata had grown and that she was from the main house	Naruto Shippūden Arcs
"Hiashi, however, told him that it wasn't because he lacked faith in Hinata but because she still lacked enough self-confidence to lead the shinobi during war.[52]

Later, Hinata met with Kurenai and was told that several members of the Konoha 11 have encountered Naruto while he traveled to the Land of Lightning. When Hinata was summoned to a meeting with the Fifth Hokage, she was hopeful that she would also get sent on such a mission"	Hinata Hyūga Family
After much searching for where exactly the Hokage was, Hinata was disappointed to learn that the Hokage only wanted to discuss Neji's selection to lead the Hyūga during the approaching Fourth Shinobi World War. She was later invited to Yakiniku Q to have dinner with other girls in her age group	Naruto Shippūden Arcs
"The dinner's conversation turned to Naruto, during which Hinata realised that she doesn't need to go on a mission with Naruto to be able to help him.

Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation

Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation

Hinata and Neji protecting each other.

When the Fourth Shinobi World War begins, Hinata is placed alongside Neji in the Second Division. Their entire division is sent to intercept a large segment of the White Zetsu Army, which Neji and Hinata join forces in attacking after Kitsuchi unearths the Zetsu army"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata Confronts Boruto
Although the Zetsus suffer heavy casualties, their numbers are too great and the fight becomes one of attrition. After a day of fighting, Neji collapses from exhaustion, at which point Hinata takes responsibility for monitoring the Second Division's perimeter with her Byakugan	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Zetsu
"Shino encourages her not to over-exert herself, but she assures him that she doesn't mind since she's fighting to keep Naruto safe.

In the anime, Hinata, Kiba, and Shino investigate a possible breach of the Allied Shinobi Forces' perimeter. They discover several White Zetsus within Allied territory, and in the fight to destroy them Hinata is knocked unconscious"	Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu
One Zetsu impersonates her and successfully pretends to be her for a time using its knowledge of her feelings for Naruto, but Kiba and Shino eventually discover it and, after defeating it, rescue Hinata.[53] On the second day of the war, Hinata helps members of the Second Division escape the area of Neji's fight with the reincarnated Kidōmaru. She later finds Neji unconscious with Kiba and Akamaru	Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
Hinata examines their bodies with her Byakugan and discovers that their chakra flow has completely stopped. She reports this to Inoichi Yamanaka, who is able to use the information to help Naruto save them	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities
"Hinata tearfully hugs Neji when he wakes up.[54]

Naruto saves Hinata from disguised White Zetsu.

With all levels of the Allied Shinobi Forces infiltrated by disguised White Zetsus, Hinata and the others are placed on high alert due to periodic surprise attacks by what they thought were their allies. When Naruto reaches the Second Division's location he starts identifying and defeating the disguised Zetsus, including three that attempt to attack Hinata"	Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu
Although Neji is suspicious that Naruto may also be a White Zetsu, Hinata insists it's the real Naruto, which she can tell by looking in his eyes. Hinata apologises to Naruto for the suspicion he's receiving and regrets that he is still needing to save her when she's the one trying to fight for him	Allied Shinobi Forces, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto
"Naruto reassures her that she's strong enough to look after herself; he's merely returning the favour for all the times in the past she's helped him. She silently thanks him as he leaves.

Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax

Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax

Hinata preparing to sacrifice her life to shield Naruto.

Hinata and the rest of the Allied Shinobi Forces are sent to assist Naruto in his battle with the Ten-Tails"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Neji’s Death
Recognising how crucial Naruto is to the war's victory, Hinata, Neji, and Hiashi join forces to block attacks directed at him. Neji and Hiashi quickly become preoccupied protecting other Allies from the Ten-Tails too, leaving only Hinata to defend Naruto	Naruto Shippūden Arcs
The Ten-Tails fires several volleys of wood projectiles at him, which Hinata uses her body to defend him from. Neji in turn uses his body to defend her and is mortally wounded because of it	Naruto Shippūden Arcs
"Watching Hinata crying for him as he dies, Neji observes that Hinata was willing to die for Naruto, which he uses as evidence that Naruto is responsible for more lives than his own. He then dies from his injuries.

Naruto shares Kurama's chakra with Hinata.

Naruto is disheartened by the deaths of Neji and others in the Alliance"	Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts
When he starts to show signs of giving up, Hinata brings him back senses by reminding him of his vow to not let any of his friends die. Although Neji may be dead, he will live on so long as others continue the fight that he gave his life for	Hinata Encourages Naruto
Therefore, Naruto must stay true to the creed he has been using for so long and that she has long since adopted for herself: to not give up. Naruto's resolve is renewed and he thanks her for standing by his side	Neji’s Death
"He then takes her hand and transfers some chakra to her, giving her a version 1-like shroud that protects her and augments her attacks against the Ten-Tails.

As Naruto leads the Alliance's attacks against the Ten-Tails, his arm becomes dislocated. Hinata sets it back in place, allowing him to remove the Ten-Tails from the control of Madara and Obito Uchiha"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Neji’s Death
The extended fighting eventually starts to tire Naruto out, so Hinata rallies a defence around him while Sakura Haruno heals him. She later joins Team 8's attack on the Ten-Tails' clones: she starts performing the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms on a Ten-Tails mini-clone, but stumbles midway and fears she may not be able to complete it	Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts
"By thinking of Neji and Naruto, she finds the resolve to follow through to its end and defeats the clone. She then prepares to use her Gentle Step Twin Lion Fists.

Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki

Main article: Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki

The Konoha chūnin attack Obito with Naruto's Rasengan.

When the Ten-Tails suddenly disappears from the battlefield, Sakura asks what Hinata saw with her Byakugan"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Neji’s Death
Hinata explains that she saw the Ten-Tails being absorbed into Obito, meaning he has become its jinchūriki. Because of the abilities this grants Obito, Hinata and most of the rest of the Alliance stand no chance against him and must leave the fighting to others such as Naruto and Sasuke	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Neji’s Death
"But Hinata remains alert for opportunities to contribute and pitches in when they emerge, first by joining the rest of the Konoha 11 in hitting Obito with one of Naruto's Rasengan, and then by assisting the rest of the Alliance with pulling the tailed beasts' chakra from Obito's body.

Hinata caught in the Infinite Tsukuyomi.

With Obito defeated, Naruto goes off to fight Madara, leaving the Allied Shinobi Forces to fight a final Zetsu. As they struggle against the Zetsu, Kiba senses Naruto's return to their battlefield and Hinata seeks him out with her Byakugan"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Neji’s Death, Hinata Captured and Saved
"She becomes horrified as she notices that his heartbeat is slowing and runs to him to provide assistance, but she collapses from exhaustion midway and can only plead Neji to help Naruto. When Madara cast the Infinite Tsukuyomi upon the world, Hinata alongside most people are immobilised by the genjutsu and restrained by the Ten-Tails' roots.

Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes

Main article: Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes

Hinata and Naruto grieving at the mass funeral in Konoha.

While trapped, Hinata dreams of sitting on a park bench with Naruto while they are watched in secret by Neji and Hanabi"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"Naruto and Sasuke eventually release the Infinite Tsukuyomi, freeing Hinata and the rest of the world and thus ending the Fourth Shinobi World War. They all return to Konoha to bury the dead from the war, with Team Kurenai and Naruto paying their respects at the mass funeral.

Blank Period
Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky

Main article: Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky
Over a year after the end of the war, when Naruto starts spreading unsavoury rumours about Kakashi Hatake's relationship with Kahyō, Hinata is one of the many villagers to pretend to regard Kakashi with disgust"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs
"Kakashi hits Naruto when he discovers that Naruto is the source of these rumours, causing Hinata to actually regard Kakashi with disgust.

The Last: Naruto the Movie

Main article: The Last: Naruto the Movie

Hinata knits Naruto's present.

Two years after the war, as the Rinne Festival approaches, Hinata decides to confess her feelings for Naruto by knitting a scarf for him, a replacement for the one he gave her when they were children. Although she completes the scarf, Hinata struggles to bring herself to give it to him, and it is only at the encouragement of Sakura and Hanabi that Hinata finally approaches Naruto"	Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata Captured and Saved
Once she finds him at Ramen Ichiraku, Hinata is intimidated, first by Naruto's many other female admirers, and then by the fact that he is already wearing a scarf that he clearly cherishes. Assuming she lost her chance to be with him, Hinata runs off	Hinata Personality, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"As she cries over the scarf alone, she is approached by Toneri Ōtsutsuki, who requests to be given the scarf instead. He captures her with his puppets and they try escaping Konoha with her, but Naruto defeats the puppets and rescues her; the scarf she made is ripped in the battle.

Hinata links with Naruto.

In place of Hinata, Toneri is successfully able to kidnap Hanabi"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Zetsu, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata Captured and Saved
Hinata requests to be added to the team sent to rescue her. After leaving Konoha, Hinata is able to find Hanabi's trail using her Byakugan, which leads them to an underground passage	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
Shortly after entering the passageway, the team is trapped in a genjutsu that dredges up old memories. While Hinata relives moments from her past that relate to Naruto, the scarf - which she's in the process of repairing - gets loose from her bag and wraps around Naruto, sharing her memories and corresponding feelings with him	Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
Sakura is able to release them from the genjutsu and they start to continue ahead. Hinata is held back by Toneri, who expresses his desire to marry her	Hinata Relationships, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"He explains that he has taken Hanabi's Byakugan for himself in order to carry out Hamura Ōtsutsuki's decree to destroy the Earth, after which he can create a new world with Hinata's help.

Hinata refuses to cooperate and vows to save Hanabi on her own, to which Toneri observes that she doesn't know where Hanabi is. Naruto interrupts them and defeats Toneri, who turns out to only be another puppet"	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata Encourages Naruto
Toneri tells Hinata that he'll return later for her answer. Naruto and Hinata reunite with the rest of the team and exit the underground passage, arriving in what they later discover is the Moon's interior	Hinata Relationships
They split up to explore the surrounding landscape, with Naruto spending more time with Hinata. He now displays a greater interest in her thoughts and well-being, pleasing Hinata and giving her greater resolve to complete the scarf	Neji’s Death, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"As she is about to confide in him what Toneri told her, the rest of the team locates them and asks Hinata to look at a crypt they've found. There, Hinata is confronted by another member of the Ōtsutsuki clan, who shows her visions of how to stop Toneri and who introduces her to Hamura himself, who asks her to save the Earth.

Naruto tells Hinata he loves her.

Hinata does not share her visions with the others and starts diligently trying to complete the scarf"	Hinata Relationships, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
When they make camp later that night, Naruto confronts Hinata and assures her they will save Hanabi. He also tells her that he loves her, leaving her speechless	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
Rather, when Toneri comes for Hinata's answer, she gives the finished scarf to Naruto with her goodbyes and leaves with Toneri. When Naruto asks Hinata if it's a lie that she will marry Toneri, she reluctantly does not deny it	Hinata Relationships, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
Upon seeing Naruto being hit by Toneri's attack, Toneri immediately put her to sleep. After she wakes up in Toneri's castle, Hinata checks on Hanabi to make sure she's alright and locates the Tenseigan that Toneri is using to control the Moon's movements against the Earth	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities
She spends her time making yet another scarf, and when she has a chance she slips away to try to destroy the Tenseigan. She is found by Toneri's puppets and Toneri himself detains her	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
Hinata tries to reason with Toneri that Hamura never wished to destroy earth, but he doesn't listen. After which Toneri destroys the new scarf, that is actually meant for Naruto, and places her under his control	Hinata Relationships, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories
"After being placed inside a picture frame, Hinata shed a tear over her regret about ""betraying"" Naruto.

Hinata is forced to go through with a wedding ceremony, but as Toneri is about to kiss Hinata, Naruto interrupts the wedding. After Toneri leaves with her, Naruto is able to release her from Toneri's control, at which point she apologises to him for her earlier behaviour, though he states he already understands and forgives her"	Hinata Relationships
Toneri becomes distracted by his own awakening Tenseigan, allowing Hinata to escape with Naruto to the primary Tenseigan's location. Because she possesses Hamura's chakra, only Hinata is able to destroy it	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities
However, she lacks the raw strength to do so, and must instead channel her chakra into Naruto so that they can destroy it together. With the Tenseigan gone, the Moon's movements stop and the puppets that the rest of the team is elsewhere fighting are rendered inert	Hinata Abilities, Byakugan and Abilities, Physical and Mental Prowess
"The team reunites with them, bringing along a rescued Hanabi and the remains of Hinata's scarf. Even though it's in tatters, Naruto asks if he can have it anyway, which Hinata happily complies with.

Naruto and Hinata share their first kiss.

Toneri uses his own awakened Tenseigan to resume the Moon's movement towards the Earth"	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Byakugan and Abilities, Zetsu, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata Captured and Saved
He then attacks them and captures Hinata, forcing her to watch as he tries to kill Naruto. Naruto ends up defeating him instead and Hinata, once freed, takes back Hanabi's eyes	Hinata Captured and Saved
Toneri tries to make one final attack and Naruto and Hinata prepare to face him together, but Toneri is knocked into space by the statue. Naruto saves him and Toneri gives up, allowing Hinata to tell him Hamura's true wishes: to protect the Earth, not to destroy it	Hinata Relationships
Toneri is repentant and remains behind when they head home, vowing not to let the Moon endanger the Earth again. As they return through the same passage they used before, Hinata asks Naruto about the scarf he's been wearing	Hinata Relationships, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata Confronts Boruto, Hinata Evacuates During Attack
He tells her it was a gift from his mother, causing her embarrassment that she would be jealous. Upon hearing Naruto say that he wants to spend the rest of his life with her, Hinata sheds tears of joy	Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
"As the passageway disintegrates behind them, Naruto propels himself and Hinata back to the Earth, where they share their first kiss.

Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze

Main article: Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze
After returning from the Moon as an official couple, the news of their relationship spread like wildfire, leading to former classmates and older ninja teasing them. Months later, Hinata and Naruto organised to go on their first date to Ramen Ichiraku, as they were both off duty for once"	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
Running into Sakura along the way, Hinata invited her to join them, but she declined. Later, the couple learned that she had been kidnapped by Kido Tsumiki, leading to them joining Kakashi in going to rescue her	Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
"On finding Sakura, they discovered that she'd already defeated Kido, prompting them to congratulate her on her victory.

Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding

Main articles: Konoha Hiden (novel) and Konoha Hiden (anime)

Hinata and Naruto preparing to be wedded.

In the weeks leading up to her wedding, Hinata was busy preparing for the wedding ceremony that was to be held at the Hokage Rock. On the day of the event in the waiting room, Hinata was unbearably happy standing next to the man she loved"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
"As Hiashi and Hanabi entered the room, Hinata took Naruto's arm and held on tight, before the two got married.

Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise

Main article: Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise
When enemy ninja infiltrate Konoha, Hinata uses her Byakugan to locate the intruders and then neutralises them with her Gentle Fist.

New Era: Part I

Hinata and Naruto raising their children.

Shortly after getting married, Hinata and Naruto had a son and two years later they had a daughter. On the day of Naruto's Hokage inauguration years later, Hinata volunteered to pick up his official Hokage haori with plans to meet him at the ceremony"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities
"When she arrived there, Naruto and their children have yet to arrive, leading to her returning home to find them. There, she discovered Naruto unconscious with his tenketsu sealed, leaving Hinata confused about who could have done it.[55]

Academy Entrance Arc

Main article: Academy Entrance Arc
In the anime, on the day before the entrance ceremony for Boruto to attend the Academy, Hinata begins telling her children again about how her time in the Academy with Naruto was, only for Boruto show no interest as he already heard the story before"	Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata’s Family Life
"After Boruto's antics caused damage to the Hokage Rock, he was suspended for two weeks from the Academy, during which Hinata kept a close watch on him, making sure he didn't fall behind in his studies.

When Boruto began seeing strange things that others couldn't, he asked Hinata about the Byakugan, which she explained to him. Later, after a troubling change in his behaviour, Boruto declared to his parents that he had awakened his Byakugan, shocking everyone"	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata’s Family Life
"Hinata advised Boruto to go to Hiashi for better answers about his dōjutsu.

Later, when she discovered that Boruto was skipping classes (thanks to a poorly written excuse from his classmate Mitsuki), Hinata quickly confronted her son. The following day, Hinata met with Shino and it was ultimately decided that Boruto would have to make up the time he missed with after-school classes"	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Advises Boruto
After Boruto left, Hinata talked more with Shino, apologising for the trouble Boruto was causing, noting that he wanted her husband's attention to the point where, like his father, Boruto wants to make a name for himself. Shino then convinced Hinata to talk to Naruto about Boruto's actions	Hinata’s Family Life
"When Naruto came home late briefly for a change of clothing, the two spoke. Naruto expressed regret at not being a more attentive father, feeling that his lack of actual parenting growing up made him subpar as one himself, Hinata insisted that for all of Boruto's actions, deep down he understands Naruto's responsibilities as Hokage.

Later, Hinata made a big feast to welcome Mitsuki"	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Advises Boruto
"Much to her joy, Naruto was also joining them for dinner as he finished work early. However, as dinner was about to begin, learning from one of his dispersed clones, Naruto left to investigate a strange release of chakra spreading throughout the village.

Sarada Uchiha Arc

Main article: Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring
In the anime, when Himawari fell sick due to a fever, Boruto and Naruto argued about giving her rice porridge or hamburger steaks while Hinata was administering the medicine she picked up"	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
"When Hinata returned to the kitchen and saw this, she got angry and kicked both of them out of the house due to their noisiness.

On the day of the Five Kage Summit in Konoha, Hinata and Himawari visit Neji's grave and places sunflowers on it, while assuring Himawari that he is happy with the flowers. Later, when Naruto is going to leave Konoha in order to investigate something with Sasuke, Hinata sends Boruto to deliver a lunch to him.

Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child Day

Main articles: Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child Day and Parent and Child Day Arc
NOTE: In the anime, the events of this arc occur after the Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc.

Hinata watches Himawari sleep.

When Konohagakure started an annual new holiday, Parent and Child Day, Hinata decided to spend it at her father's place while her kids stayed with Naruto"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"At the end of the day, Himawari returned home with Naruto and Hinata affectionately watched over Himawari as she slept with the Shukaku doll that Naruto purchased for her snuggled in between them.

School Trip Arc

Main article: School Trip Arc
In the anime, Hinata saw off Boruto as he joined his class for a field trip to Kirigakure, who promised Himawari he would bring her back a souvenir. However, upon his return, Boruto had forgotten to bring her said souvenir"	Hinata Personality, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
Hinata initially stayed quiet about it, even as Himawari was upset about this. When Boruto asked about Himawari's attitude, Hinata reminded Boruto of his promise	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"While Boruto sought to fake forgetting by getting her a Kiri gift, Hinata suggested he just come clean with Himawari.

Graduation Exams Arc

Main article: Graduation Exams Arc

Hinata attending Boruto's parent teacher interview.

In the anime, as graduation exams for the ninja classes were nearing, Boruto was accompanied by Hinata for his interview on his goals for the future. Hinata was annoyed to learn that Boruto never considered his goals"	Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Later, when Boruto asked her why she originally became a ninja, she said that it was practically an obligation back in the day, especially when coming from a noble ninja clan like the Hyūga.

Genin Mission Arc

Main article: Genin Mission Arc
In the anime, as Boruto prepared for his first genin mission, Hinata saw him off and wished her son good luck.

Byakuya Gang Arc

Main article: Byakuya Gang Arc
In the anime, when the Byakuya Gang acted in Konoha, Himawari asked Hinata if they were good or bad over dinner. Boruto thought they were bad, but Hinata said not all people are good or evil"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"The next day, Hinata watched Konoha citizens protesting in front of the Kaminarimon Company over the television.

Versus Momoshiki Arc

Main articles: Boruto: Naruto the Movie and Versus Momoshiki Arc
In the anime, on the day of Boruto's birthday, Hinata and Himawari worked to prepare a party. While inviting different people, Hinata was sad to learn that Naruto was too busy to show up"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Later that night, Naruto returned exhausted from work, to which Hinata helped him.

While cleaning Naruto's office at home, Himawari discovers the jacket that Naruto used to wear, which Hinata smiles to see. Because it's Himawari's birthday, Hinata takes her out to buy food and decorations for the party later that night; they run into Boruto while they're out and he offers to carry his mother's bags"	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
By the time they get home, they discover that Naruto is already there, having made a point to be home on time for the occasion. When Naruto later starts carrying Himawari's cake to the table to be served, he suddenly disappears, being only a shadow clone	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
The cake falls on the floor, making Himawari sad and Boruto angry. Hinata tries to convince Boruto that Naruto is doing the best that he can, but he leaves in anger and Hinata can only comfort Himawari	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Confronts Boruto
"Sasuke later drops by looking for Naruto, so Hinata directs him to the Hokage office.

Sakura heals Hinata in the hospital.

Boruto enters the Chūnin Exams being held in Konoha and advances to the final round matches. While Hinata watches the fights with Himawari, Naruto approaches her and asks that she watch Boruto closely with her Byakugan"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
In doing so, she notices that he's using the Kote, a prohibited device that forces Naruto to disqualify him and leaves her disappointed in her son. The stadium is then immediately attacked by Kinshiki and Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki, and Hinata evacuates with the other spectators	Post-Exam Storylines, Hinata Confronts Boruto, Hinata Evacuates During Attack
When she learns that Naruto has been captured by Kinshiki and Momoshiki, Hinata goes after them in an effort to rescue him and is badly injured. Sakura heals her, but when she's told that Boruto plans to join Sasuke's rescue effort, she forces herself up so that she can stop him from going	Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Evacuates During Attack
"When she sees him wearing Naruto's old jacket, she is reminded of his father and decides to believe in Boruto just as she always believes in Naruto.

Naruto is eventually rescued and life in Konoha returns to normal. After having breakfast with her family, Hinata starts to repair the damage Boruto received to his own jacket, but he asks her not to, believing it looks ""cooler"" while damaged, much to her pleasant surprise"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Family Life
"She and Himawari see Naruto and Boruto off at the front door, wishing them both luck with their respective days.

Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc

Main article: Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc
When Konohagakure was put on lockdown after the apparent betrayal of Mitsuki, Boruto decided to leave the village in search of the truth, convincing Sarada to join him. Hinata became deeply worried about her son and likewise apologised to Sakura for him involving Sarada"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Sakura however insisted that both kids knew what penalties they would probably face with this action and was sure they would be fine, which comforted Hinata somewhat.

Upon Boruto's return home, an angry and relieved Hinata joined Himawari in hugging Boruto to welcome him home.

One-Tail Escort Arc

Main article: One-Tail Escort Arc
In the anime, as Hinata was preparing a family camping trip, Boruto explained that he was going on a training mission with Team 7 (unaware that Boruto was really going to find Sasuke to train with him).

Later, Boruto returned to the village along with Naruto and the kettle-sealed Shukaku. With Urashiki Ōtsutsuki pursuing the tailed beast, it was decided that Naruto would safeguard Shukaku"	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
"During which, Hinata allowed the children to watch over the tailed beast while she was happy to have extra time with her entire family. Later, when a more proper safehouse for Shukaku was prepared, Naruto proceeded to have the tailed beast moved to it.

Time Slip Arc

Main article: Time Slip Arc
Later, Hinata watched as an eager Boruto quickly finished his breakfast in hopes to train more with Sasuke"	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Family Life
Hinata noted that Boruto was just like Naruto at that age, always eager to train with his mentor Jiraiya. Hinata then showed Himawari and Boruto a photo of the Sannin, who Himawari noted looked eccentric and wild	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
"Hinata told her kids about Jiraiya's greatness as a ninja and how influential he was to Naruto, even becoming a father-figure. Later that night, Hinata found Boruto looking through Naruto's belongings for the Icha Icha series, hoping to learn more about Jiraiya and the ""wisdom"" it gave"	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
"After glancing at a few pages and seeing its adult content, Hinata sternly forbade Boruto from reading the books, insisting that he was too young.

A young Hinata meets Boruto.

Meanwhile, the grown-up Sasuke and Boruto were later sent back in time to shortly after Sasuke's defection. There, the two pretended to be travelling performers and were put under watch by Naruto"	Hinata’s Family Life
Past-Hinata met her future son, who despite her normal shy nature, felt calm and open to Boruto. Later, she and her friends helped Boruto and Naruto clean up a bathhouse after the commotion Naruto and Jiraiya caused	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
"Days later, after Sasuke and Boruto managed to kill Urashiki and end his terror, they decided to return to their time promptly to preserve the timeline. To ensure that, Sasuke first used his Sharingan to erase the memories of everyone he and Boruto came in contact of the recent events.

Back in the present, Hiashi's birthday was fast approaching, and it was suggested by Hanabi to throw a party for him"	Hinata’s Family Life
"Hinata helped Himawari pick out a scarf for him as a present. At the party, Hinata joined her family in a group photo as suggested by Boruto.

Kara Actuation Arc

Main article: Kara Actuation Arc
In the anime, Hinata was heartbroken when she heard her son was viciously defeated in battle by Deepa"	Hinata Relationships, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Reflects on Naruto’s Past
As Boruto was operated on, she and Himawari watched in concern. Naruto soon arrived, equally concerned about his son	Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Upon seeing that he was stabilised, Naruto assured his family that Boruto was going to fine, much to Hinata's relief.

After Boruto was released from the hospital and began training under Kakashi Hatake to grow stronger, while her daughter was still concerned for Boruto, Hinata insisted that Boruto was a true ninja and desired to be of true aid to others. Instead, Hinata suggested that Himawari helped cheer Boruto on by helping her mother make a bento and deliver it to him.

In the following days, as Hinata continued to provide support for Boruto by bringing him lunches while training, she discovered that Sakura was growing concerned for Sarada's well-being in her own training, especially given the Uchiha's history with loss"	Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Hinata Apologizes to Naruto, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
Ino and Hinata decided to take Sakura out on a girl's night to talk. They insisted that as mothers themselves, they too fear for their children's well-being, but they have to have faith that they are strong and can endure	Hinata Hyuga
"Their words managed to cheer up Sakura.

Ao Arc

Main article: Ao Arc
In the anime, Hinata attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War, holding a portrait of Neji in his honour.

Kawaki Arc

Main article: Kawaki Arc

Hinata welcomes Kawaki into her home.

When Boruto's team returned from their mission with a mysterious boy of unique abilities, rather than lock him up, Naruto, sympathising as a former man-made potential weapon, decided to treat the boy as a guest to the village and let him live at his home. During which, despite Hinata treating him with kindness like any other, the rebellious boy kept seeing everyone as his enemy"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Hinata Personality, Hinata’s Family Life
He soon made his move to escape, only to be stopped by Naruto's brief show of power. When Boruto returned, he and the boy got into a confrontation over the latter's recent actions destroying Himawari‘s personal vase, which she made as a gift to Hinata	Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata Advises Boruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata Confronts Boruto
"As Himawari began cleaning up the broken pieces, the boy gruffly apologised for his unintentional mistake, introducing himself as Kawaki.

Later, as Kawaki attempted to find a missing fragment of the vase, Naruto doubted he would be able to find it, as Hinata cleans the house everyday. Hinata and Himawari left to shop for dinner just before Jigen appeared in their home.

Chūnin Re-Examination Arc

Main article: Chūnin Re-Examination Arc
In the anime, following Isshiki Ōtsutsuki's defeat, a personal Chūnin Exam for Konoha was set up"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
Hinata cheered on her son during the events. By the end, Boruto failed to be promoted, but Hinata happily joined her family for dinner	Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Family Life
"As Kawaki continued to show a distant nature, Hinata recognised Kawaki's efforts to open up to others, still struggling from his harsh upbringing and captivity under Kara.

Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure Arc

Main article: Great Sea Battle of Kirigakure Arc
In the anime, Hinata joined her family for a vacation to a hot spring inn won by Himawari in a raffle. She and Naruto beat Boruto and Kawaki at ping-pong with their superior team-work, Hinata in particular being an excellent player.

Kawaki & Himawari Academy Arc

Main article: Kawaki & Himawari Academy Arc
In the anime, Hinata was glad to hear that Himawari was having a good time in the Academy"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Concern and Rescue Efforts, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
"Later, she was surprised to learn that Himawari had not actually decided on becoming a shinobi, but rather saw the Academy as an opportunity to learn about herself and meet people. Hinata and Naruto were happy to see how maturely Himawari was taking her experiences.

Code's Assault Arc

Main article: Code's Assault Arc

Hinata and her family welcome Kawaki with a feast.

After Jigen, leader of Kara, was able to infiltrate Konoha and critically injured Naruto and Sasuke in an attempt to reclaim Kawaki, Hinata and her family were relieved when Naruto made a quick recovery"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Relationships, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
Later, following Isshiki's permanent death, they decided to throw a welcome dinner party for Kawaki, to show he was truly welcomed in the Uzumaki home. While Kawaki asked to throw away a box of old magazines, Hinata watched a movie with Naruto with emotion	Hinata Hyūga Family, Neji’s Death, Hinata Encourages Naruto
"Later, Boruto rushed in to alert his parents that Kawaki had evaded surveillance and left the village.

When learning that Boruto and Kawaki were in trouble, Hinata was determined to help her husband in the rescue, only to be reminded that she needed to look after Himawari should the worst happen. She reluctantly conceded, praying for all of them to return safely.

Omnipotence Arc

Main article: Omnipotence Arc
When Boruto was called in for his first mission in a long time, Hinata cried, worried that this time he might not come back, despite his assurance he would return"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner, Hinata’s Role in Boruto’s Training
"After he left, Himawari told her she could help Boruto if she became a shinobi, and asked if it would make her worry more instead.

Hinata slaps Kawaki.

While preparing for dinner with Naruto, she wished that Boruto and Kawaki could join them, asking Naruto how long their mission could take. Having left the house, Kawaki joined them, wishing to talk to Naruto"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
Kawaki told them how much Naruto meant to him, and how far he was willing to go to get rid of all Ōtsutsuki, Boruto included. Hinata was hurt by it and slapped Kawaki	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life
"He conceded he might be insane for what he was willing to do, and sent them away with a rift to stop them from interfering, willing to bear their hate and welcoming them to kill him when he was done. Naruto and Hinata were kept in Daikokuten, suspended in time, unable to think, age, and requiring no air or sustenance.

New Era: Part II
Boruto's Return Arc

Main article: Boruto's Return Arc

Naruto and Hinata trapped in Kawaki's Dimension.

Three years later, Kawaki visited the unconscious Hinata and Naruto.

In Other Media
Movies
Naruto Shippūden the Movie

Main article: Naruto Shippūden the Movie
As Team 7 heads to the Fifth Hokage's office, they cross paths with Hinata and Shino.

Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds

Main article: Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds
Following an attack on Konoha by the Land of the Sky, Naruto, Hinata, and Sakura are assigned to escort Amaru and Shinnō back to their village"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life
When they reach the village, they find it destroyed and Amaru, in her anguish, triggers a booby trap that. Shinnō saves Amaru, but is apparently badly wounded and seemingly dies, which Hinata confirms with her Byakugan	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities
"The rest of them split up to investigate the area and Hinata is captured, imprisoned with the rest of the villagers. Amaru later finds them, frees them, and evacuates them to safety.

Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire

Main article: Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire
When Naruto and Sakura go searching for the apparently missing-nin Kakashi, Hinata is part of a team organised to stop them and bring them back to Konoha"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Captured and Saved
Although they do manage to find Naruto and Sakura, they are attacked by Hiruko's henchmen; the members of Team 8 end up fighting Ni and her chimera-dogs. Although they defeat her, Ni fuses with her teammates, Ichi and San, into a massive flying beast	Hinata Relationships, Chūnin Exams, Allied Shinobi Forces
As the rest of the Konoha 11 distracts the beast, Hinata and Neji use their Gentle Fist to destroy it. Hiruko repairs the beast, forcing the Konoha 11 to pool their attacks against it; Hinata and Neji's contribution is the Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Byakugan and Abilities
"The beast and Hiruko are ultimately destroyed.

Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison

Main article: Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison
Hinata is part of the team sent to the Blood Prison to rescue Naruto, who was wrongly imprisoned there. She becomes worried when he is impaled, and is accordingly relieved when he is rescued by Ryūzetsu.

Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie

Main article: Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie
Hinata and the rest of the Konoha 11 fight off an attack by what seems to be the entire Akatsuki roster, but what are actually disguised parts of the White Zetsu Army"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Captured and Saved
"When Naruto and Sakura are sent to the Genjutsu World, they meet that world's Hinata: she is dressed provocatively and is more assertive and confident in herself. She is aggressively infatuated with the Genjutsu World's Naruto, to the point of threatening any girl who is with him; Sakura becomes frightened by Hinata's threat to kill her for ""flirting"" with Naruto.

Video Games

Hinata Hyūga is a playable character in the following video games:

Game name	Japanese release	English release
Jump Super Stars	8 August 2005	
Jumputi Heroes	28 March 2018	
Naruto Mobile	2016	2016
Naruto RPG 2: Chidori vs"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata Captured and Saved
"Rasengan	14 July 2005	
Naruto Shippūden: Clash of Ninja Revolution 3		17 November 2009
Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! EX 2	29 November 2007	
Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! EX 3	27 November 2008	
Naruto Shippūden: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! Special	2 December 2010	
Naruto Shippūden: Kizuna Drive	15 July 2010	22 March 2011
Naruto Shippūden: Naruto vs. Sasuke	4 July 2008	6 November 2010
Naruto Shippūden: Ninja Destiny 3	28 April 2009	
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja 4	5 April 2007	24 March 2009
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja 5	20 December 2007	27 November 2009
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Blazing	14 July 2016	24 August 2016
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 3	10 December 2009	11 May 2010
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Impact	20 October 2011	18 October 2011
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2	21 October 2010	19 October 2010
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3	18 April 2013	5 March 2013
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4	4 February 2016	9 February 2016
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations	23 February 2012	13 March 2012
Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution	11 September 2014	16 September 2014
Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker	30 August 2018	31 August 2018
Naruto x Boruto: Ninja Tribes	June 2019	June 2019
Naruto x Boruto: Ninja Voltage	22 November 2017	22 November 2017
Naruto x Boruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm Connections	16 November 2023	17 November 2023
Naruto: Clash of Ninja 2	4 December 2003	26 September 2006
Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution		23 October 2007
Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution 2		21 October 2008
Naruto: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! 3	20 November 2004	
Naruto: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! 4	21 November 2005	
Naruto: Konoha Senki	12 September 2003	
Naruto: Ninja Council 3	27 April 2006	22 May 2007
Naruto: Path of the Ninja 2	13 July 2006	14 October 2008
Naruto: Shinobi Collection	2014	
Naruto: Shinobi Collection Shippū Ranbu	27 July 2015	
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja	23 October 2003	26 June 2006
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 2	30 September 2004	12 June 2007
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 3	22 December 2005	25 March 2008
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes		28 August 2007
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 2: The Phantom Fortress	30 March 2006	24 June 2008
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Online	14 April 2013	20 July 2016
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm	15 January 2009	4 November 2008

In later instalments of the Clash of Ninja series, Hinata is playable in an ""awakened"" form"	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata’s Family Life
In this form, her clothes are similar to what she wore during the Bikōchū Search Mission, though the form itself is not based on the events of that arc. Awakened Hinata has a personality similar to Neji's during the Chūnin Exams, arrogantly challenging opponents and boasting about the power of the main branch of the Hyūga clan	Hinata Hyūga Family, Naruto Shippūden Arcs
While in this form, she is also able to use techniques such as Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms and Eight Trigrams Palms Revolving Heaven. Most Clash of Ninja games require that this awakened Hinata be selected separately, but in Clash of Ninja Revolution 3, normal Hinata can transform into her in the middle of battle by activating her Byakugan	Hinata Abilities, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities
"A similar form appears in Ultimate Ninja 2, dubbed ""Byakugan Hinata"", with the main difference being she wears the traditional Hyūga attire.

In several of the Ultimate Ninja Storm games, the team combination of Hinata and Naruto is titled ""Secret Lovers"" or ""Joined Hands"".

Hinata is featured in the online game, Fortnite, as a playable skin, and she can be used with her Part II look as well as her new era look. Her Part II skin is labelled as ""Hinata Hyuga"", whereas her new era skin is labelled as ""Hinata Uzumaki"".

Trivia
	The Springtime of Youth wiki has an article about this topic:
Hinata Hyūga
The name ""Hinata"" means ""place in the sun"""	Hinata Hyūga Family, Hinata Abilities, Hinata Relationships, Appearance, Byakugan and Abilities, Hinata Defends Naruto Against Pain, Deva Path, Allied Shinobi Forces, Zetsu, Hinata Encourages Naruto, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata and Naruto’s Relationship Development, Hinata Captured and Saved, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal
"It can be written with the same kanji as her family name ""Hyūga"" (日向).
In the Live Spectacle Naruto, the role of Hinata was played by Saki Takahashi.
Hinata placed well in the Naruto character popularity polls, reaching an all-time high of sixth most popular.
According to the databook(s):
Hinata's hobby is pressing flowers.
Hinata wishes for a rematch with her cousin Neji, and for a match with her father, Hiashi.
Hinata's favourite foods are zenzai and cinnamon rolls, while her least favourite foods are dishes such as crabs and shrimp.
Hinata has completed 33 official missions in total: 10 D-rank, 14 C-rank, 8 B-rank, 1 A-rank, 0 S-rank.
Hinata's favourite phrase is ""self-confidence"" (自信, jishin).
Hinata's name is referred as a pure white lily,[4] the same flowers that were put on Neji's grave.[56]
During a 2010 interview, Kishimoto stated that many who work with him have told him Hinata is more of a heroine than Sakura.[57]
In the omake for Naruto: Shippūden episode 165, Sakura accuses Hinata of trying to become the main heroine of the series because of her popularity, much to Hinata's confusion.
In a series of interviews from 2015,[58] Kishimoto revealed he had planned on Naruto and Hinata getting together since the middle of the manga, even commenting that Naruto and Hinata were meant to be since she acknowledged him before even Iruka. Not only that, Kishimoto confirmed that Hinata was his favourite female character during an interview with Viz in October 2015 due to her kindness.[59]
According to Hyō no Sho, while in the Academy, Hinata had an A in taijutsu, cooperation, and classroom attitude, a B in ninjutsu and genjutsu, and an F in positivity.
In the anime, Hinata holds the title of ""Legendary Queen of Gluttony"" (伝説の大食い女王, Densetsu no Ōgui Joō) at Ichiraku Ramen, having finished a record of 46 bowls of ramen in a single sitting.[60]
Studio Pierrot's Settei's sheets show that Hinata was 120 cm when Naruto saved her from three bullies.
Despite being in the same situation as Naruto, there has been no mention of any alledged fate for her.
Quotes
(To Neji) ""I will never go back on my word… Because that too is my nindō, my ninja way!""[61]
(To herself) ""Naruto… I have always watched you… Watched you for many years… Why? I don't know why, but whenever I look at you… I feel more courage within me… It makes me feel like I can accomplish something if I try… It makes me feel like I am worth something…""[62]
(To Naruto) ""In my eyes… you're a proud failure! When I look at you, I get an intense feeling in my heart… Because you're not perfect… Because you fail… you have the strength to get back up… Because I believe that is what true strength is…""[63]
(To Naruto) ""I used to always cry and give up… I made many wrong turns… But you… You helped me find the right path… I always chased after you… I wanted to catch up to you… I wanted to walk beside you all the time… I just wanted to be with you… You changed me! Your smile is what saved me! That is why I'm not afraid to die protecting you! Because… I love you…""[20]
(To herself) ""Naruto… I've always been chasing after you… Even now… But once this war ends, I'm going to stop once and for all… Because next time, I will be by your side, holding your hand… walking with you! Please wait for me!!""[64]
(To Naruto) ""Neji just said… that your life is not just your own anymore… Do you understand what he meant? Your words and desire to not let your comrades die… Neither of them are lies! What inspired Neji and carried him this far were those very principles! It's not just you, Naruto… we all hold those same words and feelings within our hearts"	Hinata Abilities, Hinata Personality, Hinata Relationships, Physical and Mental Prowess, Hinata and Naruto’s Memories, Hinata’s Joy and Naruto’s Proposal, Hinata and Naruto’s Family Dinner
They're what bind our lives together and make us comrades. If we all give up and discard those words and feelings now, Neji's sacrifice will have been for nothing… And that is when your comrades truly die, for you are no longer comrades then	Neji’s Death
