Content		Keywords
hello hello yes oh thank you so much for being.		
here at B Asia uh I'm so happy to have you again um and um can you kind of.		
introduce well briefly about yourself I mean just briefly but also um why you.		
decided to come to B Asia uh again yeah so I'm Victor Buon I helped.		
you staking a coin base okay hi.		staking
Victor okay yeah I mean I look awfully similar to this falic guy who you know.		
does etherum you look too you know that yeah.		
yeah okay no need for introductions um but yeah I mean like really I'm really.		
curious honestly because it's a very small compact conference and I'm just.		
you know it's Soul it's kind of far I always just surprised like that you.		
decided to come here and you know trust me and just want C like really from your.		
own words like what made you decide to come to S yeah I mean I I've always you.		
know really appreciated or you know ethereum in crypto community in Korean.		ethereum, crypto
and I think you know yeah events here have been great like every year that.		
I've come um they a lot of interesting projects a lot of I you know also just.		
the most interesting people from all all around the world managed to come every.		
time um so no just uh just it's it's always been you know.		
uniformally just a very nice place to be you know so I'm happy to be back yeah I.		
think you're very Asia friendly as well and uh you you know you speak Chinese.		
you you've had a very like good attachment to the Asian community and.		
you know um and honestly they think the events in Asia have been a little bit.		
commercial like in general um there's increasingly more builder focused events.		
and Technical events but still I think there's a lot of improvement to be made.		
um just wondering like what would because you've been to so many events.		
Now by now um just really curious from my perspective like what do you picture.		
as like a very ideal event meaning like in terms of like purum of like education.		
of web 3 of ethereum just like what would be an ideal event for you.		ethereum
experience as well well I mean an ideal event for for.		
me me personally is not the same thing as like an ideal events that I think.		
every type of event should be right because the the places where I have you.		
know the most fun are definitely the places where you get to like actually go.		
deep and like you know really gets to properly understand what some of the.		
latest ZK Protocols are and you know it's not just people showing projects.		
but you get to go deeper and like actually learn things like uh my.		
favorite sessions are sessions that have a relatively smaller audience where the.		
default Norm is that interrupting is good like I think what you need that in.		
order to learn right because uh if you're just watching something.		
especially if it's deep math or whatever and then there's like some con concept.		
that you don't understand then if it just keeps going then like you know.		
you're basically I know like off the real Road Track for the rest of the um.		
lecture but if you can just like stop and ask then you know chances are.		
there's like 10 people who are just as confused as you are so yeah know I think.		
things like that are good and think it would be interesting to experiment more.		
with like that kind of educational style um yeah I think so things like that for.		
techn technology are always good um then things that help like bring together.		
different parts of the ecosystem and especially when you know there's just.		
important things that we needs to coordinate on um I find that's always.		
been super valuable um that also actually like actually using the.		
technology is one thing I I think is cool like uh I mean over last year like.		
we one of the many things that happened was I know zass was basically born there.		
right and then which is basically this zero knowledge identity system right and.		
then at death connect we actually used Zupas for ticketing and a bunch of.		
events are doing that in uh 2024 right so you know I think you know your ticket.		
should be a pope I you know you should use z pass to prove it you know payments.		
should always be possible on chain just like really try to oh and then um you.		
know the sliding should be on farter like that is true yeah really like.		
really try to like go deep and like try to create that kind of like mini village.		
where you know the crypto is actually happening yeah.		crypto
so what other aside from that I think it's just.		
you know giving some like really interesting and cool projects a chance.		
to show themselves mhm no awesome I mean I really Tred to integrate the paint and.		
everything but like as you probably know the general public is very you know.		
unfamiliar with it and like how to get millions of questions right so there's.		
that hurdle as as an organizer as well but thank you for the feedback and I.		
think you need both right yeah yeah maybe even both options exactly you know.		
maybe some future you even like organize you know like both are all three in.		
parallel that's a good idea I'll definitely um take that into account I'm.		
speak speaking of zalu um you have were in that experiment for some time and you.		
know you kind of like support did that um throughout the way um wondering like.		
where that initiative come comes from and also like what you kind of learn.		
from the experiment yeah yeah yeah I me I think where it came.		
from is that there's been a lot of this excitement around creating you know not.		
even just in the crypto space like broadly right creating new cities.		crypto
creating new countries creating new societies and what we in like on online.		
or offline and a lot of people look going keep talking about this and I.		
wanted to like help push the conversation into um you know from just.		
Theory to practice and like basically make a real life demonstration.		
of like what happens if you try to actually do this thing and you know give.		
people a reference point of like this is what one actually executed in reality.		
would look like yeah and so you know it was intentionally know brought together.		
people from some different communities a bunch from ethereum a bunch of longevity.		ethereum
some from just general decentralized governance research and some other.		decentralized
spaces and uh stayed together for two months um and uh like basically tried to.		
like actually be a pop-up City and so now this year there's a bunch of.		
independent groups that have been uh doing that and a quadratic funding round.		
recently finished um so yeah there's a bunch happening there's likely going to.		
be a bunch in Thailand later this year one in Taiwan as well City too right I.		
yes city as well yeah um think one one in Georgia too Georgia that's great yeah.		
yeah the country not the state oh yes no I would love to hope that it's a country.		
yes yeah so you know looking forward to.		
these because I think well one of the things that I want to see out of crypto.		crypto
is that I want to see us like be an ecosystem and like be a tech stack more.		
right like instead of everyone building like these separate small incremental.		
moves away from the you know a centralized world that still keep us.		
mostly in a centralized world like basically imagine you're creating an.		
independent text stack that is independent from you know Google and.		
Twitter and Facebook and credit cards to at least the same extent that like say.		
the Chinese Tex stack is right and uh like make make like full stack.		
replacement for that but but decentralized right yeah and I think for.		decentralized
things like that to work like having both users and developers across a whole.		
bunch of different spaces come together is uh going to be really valuable.		
because you get to actually see how things interact with each other um also.		
like people working on one piece are not going to be experts in the other piece.		
and so you actually get some uh like feedback from people who are um you know.		
in informed enough to be able to give the high quality feedback but still like.		
Noob enough that they don't just like brush past things that that are actually.		
super hard for most people and then you know make some progress and go from.		
there so I I would love to see know ethereum doing community doing more of.		ethereum
those things yeah amazing I mean I really like the longterm experiments.		
where like I realistically could not like implement it but I would love to do.		
it someday yeah know I think the long aspect is importance right it's like a.		
week is a break from your life two months is your life and it's a just a.		
very different mindset that you r out of it yes and you can really it becomes a.		
routine and the novelty wears off and the things that are only bearable.		
because you know you're going away in four days.		
time you know start to become unbearable you have to actually fix them and like.		
you know you actually start to get to see like is this a thing that people.		
actually would be willing to be part of for a long term that's a really good.		
refreshing I really would love to try it uh in Thailand perhaps um this upcoming.		
Thailand death con right yeah um speaking of foraster right I mean you.		
made this switch uh well you were definitely um more on foraster these.		
days um and what made your kind of transition from ex.		
foraster yeah I think uh I mean I've been enthusiastic about decentralized.		decentralized
social media for a long time like remember back in Paris about two years.		
ago I made a big you know presentation of crypto Beyond finance and that was.		crypto
the big one of the big categories I was highlighting y um and uh and I've since.		
then actually I've tried like all of the different Al twitters right so I've also.		
I've done lens I definitely still I'm post on lens regularly as well I've done.		
you know the non-crypto ones especially blue sky and Mastadon right remember.		crypto
that yeah the thing that I've.		
uh noticed is that forecaster does a good job of being both crypto and like.		crypto
actually easy enough to use um like there's basic hurdles that I think.		
far gets P it like even lens it doesn't get ped like for example with lens like.		
when every time I you know re access the page like I have to reign in right and.		
with braster you stay signed in yeah that's what I realized too very yeah.		
yeah like it feels I you know very web to like right and I mean for people who.		
have never used crypto before you know they can they also you know offer the.		crypto
thing where know you can provide a phone number and then sign in and then they.		
like set up the FID for you right and so at the beginning it feels web to and.		
then over time it uh like you know if he wants to start becoming more of a web.		
three user you can right like uh what one of my big pain points for Central.		
wise stuff right is that okay so the argument that people sometimes say right.		
is that well decentralized stuff is only really useful for criminals and if.		decentralized
you're not a criminal then like if you have a problem you can talk to Google.		
and Google solves all your problems so centralized stuff is better right exact.		
so here's the problem it's not actually true um so for example um I let's say I.		
have a Gmail account literally right now know and I used this Gmail account for a.		
long time but then I switched to another one and so I stopped using it did not.		
access it for years recently I decided to go like try to access it again I yet.		
still perfectly remembered my password I remembered my email but Google has.		
started requiring a phone number confirmation to sign in and uh on that.		
account I had an old phone number registered that I no longer have I I got.		
the same process yes and then I went on the internet and um I checked you know.		
like is there some like support recovery procedure there isn't no and so I am.		
screwed right basically now let's see what.		
happens with my warcast account so with my warcast account you know I can.		
actually set the recovery to like actually be myosis safe right and that's.		
a four of six multisig and you know yeah like I know who the key holders are and.		
like it's it's it's a distributed thing and I trust it right and like there's no.		
single Corporation that's going to be able to rug me but at the same time like.		
actually you know if I do lose my devices like that is the multi is still.		
a thing that I can recover right and so that's like one of the examples where I.		
think the crypto integration actually really helps and another place where the.		crypto
crypto integration helps is that forecaster does actually have like.		crypto
functional alternate clients right um so the big pitch of this all the whole time.		
right has basically been that you know it's like content view separation right.		
like you have one place where all the content is stored and the content is.		
like a thing that's not owned by anyone and then instead of different people.		
creating different social media universes different people are basically.		
selling different glasses to the same content right and so if you're not.		
satisfied with know warp guest you can go start your own um and you don't have.		
to start your network effect from scratch right like you can already I you.		
know if you're integrated with the forecaster chain see all the existing.		
posts and you can post your own post to the same chain and I mean there are.		
already alternate clients like Flink is the big one right that already do this I.		
mean Flink is fun right because it makes the same content that warcast makes look.		
like a Twitter look like a Reddit right so you know you have the same you know.		
the chain which is just like a data dump and there's lots of stuff there and you.		
know you can wear like the purple glasses and it looks like a Twitter and.		
then you wear you know the green glasses or forget whatever the color Flink has.		
and it looks like a Reddit right so like it's actually functional right and uh so.		
I think it's a good example of something that like actually uses the chain in and.		
actually really gets benefits from being the chain but at the same time it has uh.		
these uh you know this pretty high standard of convenience and user.		
experience and the thing that you notice is that people are on it for a long time.		
for reasons that don't have to do with money Mak right like before this um you.		
know people would you know you know the influencers they'd often not even.		
instead of saying decentralize Social they'd say social F right because the.		
only thing they can imagine is that the only way to improve crypto with or the.		crypto
only way to improve social with crypto is by making it into a Ponzi exactly.		crypto
point and everything yes and but and so you know we we got to see how right.		
there all these platforms it's like oh you can invest in people and everyone.		
has their own meme coin the friend Tech right yes well there's one actually it's.		
like not even the F the first one there were like five of them before right and.		
that's true that's uh yeah it's like yeah you know it's like in theory.		
you get the pitch but then in practice it's um like there the number of uh like.		
I think the people that are attracted to the gambling and the people that are.		
attracted to interesting content are like almost disjoint yes and on forecast.		
like people are there including people that don't even care a single bit about.		
making money and that's uh you I think that's beautiful right so I think it's.		
uh you know to me it you know far like before this I would always say ens as.		
like my the single biggest non-financial crypto app that's actually gotten.		crypto
somewhere and I think farcaster is the second biggest MH and well now I think.		
ens itself it needs to like more properly layer to a itself to not like.		
overcharge on fees but you know that's another discussion yeah yeah that's.		
making progress yeah no absolutely I thank you for that I think a lot of.		
people Elon was was asking on X remember see that why X and stuff like that yeah.		
yeah I hav't left right like I still yeah I read it regular I read it like.		
every day I you know still actually I think I made a a post today and.		
yesterday um so it's um yeah but forecaster is definitely still a very.		
know high quality thing and I think you know as as an ecosystem you know we.		
should we should be kind of supporting our own so we can actually start making.		
those know cross links no I really applaud that you're supporting these.		
projects that are really trying to you know make a good use case right um yeah.		
I mean speaking of which so like we just saw the article uh that just popped out.		
out of her Q&A session and your keynote um I think people were curious about.		
your thoughts on metaverse right um they wanted kind of you to elaborate.		
more um and it would be nice to kind of like kind of clarify a little bit more.		
on that because it was a very short answer right um I guess what you.		
envision as like ideal metaverse or so called and why previous attempts have.		
failed in the past for example yeah I think the metaverse is one of those.		
things where the the vision and the vibe are like 10 steps ahead of the concrete.		
use case right I like maybe to some extent it has that in common with Krypto.		
um but uh it's I mean it it has that in common.		
with a with a lot of these modern things right but I mean I guess these days you.		
know AI is like powering ahead with the direct utility but you know I think this.		
this decade crypto is definitely catching up more but the thing that.		crypto
people clearly want right is like people like the idea of a virtual world uh.		
people you know like the idea of this you like thing where everyone in the.		
world can be connected um and you know where you put put on your glasses and.		
kind of thing yeah and like even if you know you're a you know like $170 a month.		
worker in northeastern Nepal like if you just yet gifted this like onetime thing.		
then you know you're basically right up there with the big boys in San Francisco.		
right and you know like you know you get the same Aesthetics I you know you get.		
like the same experience and uh like that's also a beautiful Vision um you.		
know people want uh yeah people want Global connectedness uh people wants to.		
create shared spaces uh people you know want to be able to like bounce between.		
the different communities and be part of all of them and these things are all.		
great um but then there's like the beautiful vision and then there's like.		
well what are the specific technologies that implement it and I think for a long.		
time there's been the uh impression of uh you know you're uh.		
that this is just going to happen when we have good enough V right and like it.		
feels like we're getting closer and closer to it um I and I I tried the um.		
the Vision Pro yeah okay so I tried the Vision Pro it was like interesting right.		
because you know you put it on and uh you know it does just like look like you.		
know you know you're in a room and like the Pasto cameras work great and I tried.		
the onscreen keyboard I did a typing test and I got 15 words per minute which.		
15 um yes.		
five yes normally I get like on real keyboards I get 80 plus right so yeah.		
that's uh takes some practice Yeah takes but but even still right it's and like.		
it feels like it's at the point where it's powerful enough to like Dazzle.		
people on the first day but then if you want the Practical like benefit like a.		
lot of people after a month they basically end up putting it on the Shelf.		
um so but like it but it feels like it's no longer in the category of things that.		
you can laugh at right yeah and I mean Apple Vision Pro is definitely crazy.		
expensive and no17 workers in Nepal are getting yet right but like the you know.		
the quest is reasonable I mean I tried a couple of the others and there there's.		
definitely things that much more recable price points so.		
like you can see how it's getting there right and the other aspect of this is.		
you know the crypto aspect and there's like the virtual economy aspect and then.		crypto
I think one other aspect that excited people is like what people want is.		
global connectedness what people don't want is um global global connectedness.		
where everything um ends up being owned by like one billionaire and 5 VCS out of.		
Silicon Valley right and there's I think this hope that like maybe crypto could.		crypto
come in and we could actually have the thing be owned by a dow somehow right or.		
it could be a dow that's One Vision or the other vision is like lots of.		
different people could own their own rooms but there would be some kind of.		
like minimal interprotocol like the hallways would run on a blockchain.		blockchain
basically and like something like that could be figured out and it would.		
actually make sense and like I think this stuff is nice and like the.		
technology is getting there to satisfy it all theoretically right like.		
theoretically I know the the VR site is getting there now we have I know.		
ethereum has blobs we have scalability um and with scalability we can uh get to.		ethereum
the points where you know we're actually processing these know non-financial.		
metaverse related operations on chain and that's all know beautiful but like.		
it still feels Vibe level and uh yeah the question of like why would I you.		
know I or why would you hop into a metaverse like it still feels not quite.		
answered yes um premature premature exactly so I guess I'm you know still.		
waiting cautiously observing curious well like I'm you know I'm happy that.		
there's other people waiting and and you know trying to poke into it and you know.		
like people that actually care about trying to you know preempt the silon.		
valley Mega Corporation with you know some kind of more open approach and and.		
we'll see what we get mean coins so I mean there's a panel uh I think mean.		
coins are inevitably the topic of crypto and of course there strong opinions.		crypto
negative positive I me what are your general.		
thoughts on on it um can you explain a little.		
bit I think um one of the challenges um of um like this crypto cycle that I.		crypto
think really need to get get past is that like it feels like the number go up.		
narrative and the social good narrative are like very disjoint from each other.		
right like if you talk to number go up people they talk about one set of things.		
if you talk to social good people then you know they're going to tell you about.		
you know the ZKA and social um and voting and governance algorithms and.		
like a whole set of other things and like the intersection of these two is.		
like zero discrepancy zero yeah and uh I feel like this uh really shows in the.		
mcoin you know discourse as well right and I think one thing that was.		
interesting I just got reminded uh just yesterday that about 10 years ago I uh I.		
wrote this uh post actually yeah a couple of weeks before ethereum was.		ethereum
announced the title was markets institutions and currencies and one of.		
the big theme is basically that like we have these three mechanisms that can.		
fund um like basically import like important large scale projects and I me.		
know cor markets are one and I know institutions which could include.		
governments could include large corporations or another and then there.		
are lots of things that both of those Miss right and so I was wondering like.		
maybe like coins could actually fill the third Gap right and you know the kind of.		
very vague idea at the time is like hey yeah you know you could have cancer.		
research coin and it would have like a dow that would allocate and like issue.		
tokens for cancer research and people who care about cancer could like hold.		
and actually transacting the coin and then you know you could um you know have.		
like you know like let's say anti-global warming coin and people who really care.		
about the climate could like buy that coin and then you know you would fund.		
like carbon removal and solar panels right and you know just like keep going.		
from there right and this article kind of got forgotten a bunch I you know.		
including even uh by me right and then over the last few years we started to.		
actually have meme coins and like then you start to realize that like wait meme.		
coins actually are like literally exactly this right.		
and but what's interesting is like there's people who really hate meme.		
coins and then the people who like meme coins it's like they don't even try to.		
like make the meme coins good for the world right that's actually there are a.		
few that do right like I think like there is one called um that's called.		
like Tyrant and it's like named after Fable of the Dragon Tyrant and it tried.		
to like donate to longevity stuff there's one called give well youu which.		
donated to give well right like there's a few I mean I know I feel.		
but I you know I feel like it's it's worth mentioning their names once just.		
you know margin it's like marginal incentivization right but there's like.		
most of them like you know they don't even try right and uh so the question.		
the like like to me the ideal world is know the world where I think these two.		
inevitable sides of know crypto kind of the idealistic side and the money side.		crypto
instead of being at war with each other um or instead of uh you know just.		
completely ignoring with each other like there's some kind of Confluence that.		
somehow gets uh created between the two um.		
but I don't actually you know know like what concretely that would look like.		
right like you know the ideal um world I think right is where I the ctive space.		
actually can somehow become a source of know alternative funding for really.		
important high quality projects right and.		
that would be like super amazing to see but you know the I think the challenge.		
right now is like the people who have a vision are you know not able to like.		
rally the capital and the people who are able to Rally the capital don't really.		
care about the vision and like in my ideal World we'd you know find a way to.		
fix that um but yeah and I'm I'm not sure like.		
how like what it actually takes to to get us from here to there you know yeah.		
we'll see yeah it's right now kind of up only kind of mindset at this point for.		
coins it is I mean it's yeah it's kind of good that I think.		
I me know we got a pretty sharp down fairly early just you know reminds.		
people that uh you know the the down Direction exists I think the risk is.		
pretty big indeed when people forget that the down Direction exists you know.		
that's uh when you're about to get the get to the real edge of the cliff.		
absolutely absolutely um yeah I mean I think it's just definitely a a high.		
it and hopefully it'll for direction um I mean you I I just.		
mentioned to you that I really liked your post um on their personal.		
Reflections um like turning 30 right um I mean just a personal question but just.		
like are there any other interests that you kind of kind of emerged um since you.		
kind of turned into that era the 30s there I mean it's you just heard right.		
so are you asking are there any interests that.		
that emerged in in the last two months of my.		
life well it's a new new year right I don't know anything that you kind of.		
want to try out I mean you did mention about like online education I mean you.		
kind of right or something of that sort yeah it's an interesting one oh I mean.		
actually yeah definitely like small random things like one thing that I've.		
realized like one very positive thing that I think has come out of AI is that.		
it like it does make it easier to just like learn and quickly do things in.		
newes like Noah Smith wrote this article I think either a few months or a year.		
back about how AI disproportionately benefits the noobs like and I think.		
that's actually true like in my personal experience I know the the place where I.		
get the most benefit from you know talking to GPT or talking to mixol is uh.		
not when I I'm doing something I'm already an expert in but where I'm doing.		
something where like yeah I'm learning it for the first time right and so I've.		
done this a few times like I've like it's helped me write Chrome extensions.		
for myself um the most recent one is I did this post actually I just published.		
this morning U where I'm analyzing um correlations between um when different.		
validators like either go offline or or like fail to get their attestations.		
included uh basically the idea trying to measure centralization and.		
decentralization and trying and find ways to incentivize decentralization.		
more and one of the challenges there is that to do that kind of analysis it's.		
like a big data task right because we're basically talking about 1 million.		
validators over 10,000 slots right and if you do that in Python you run out of.		
memory and I actually like finally like properly learned how to like code with.		
numpy which is basically like python except you're doing everything with.		
vectors and so all of the hard stuff actually gets done in C and it just kind.		
of like gets wrapped for you and uh just implemented a bunch of logic that.		
way and so the you know the Bots actually like.		
helped make that learning a lot easier for me and so yeah I think like this is.		
uh let's see what else have I also I try finally managed to install Arch Linux.		
which is like a famously difficult Linux drro to install yeah but I think uh you.		
know we we are entering a uh a golden age of uh personal hobbying and that's.		
uh something that I actually think would encourage know like anyone here to like.		
get into more just like expand the horizons of I mean know what you think.		
is possible for you and I the AI definitely lowered the entry barrier for.		
it new new fields for sure all right well um yeah final question um to the.		
people who's watching um I mean like I think D the bull Mark I guess thanks to.		
it uh as well many new people are you know showing more interest as well uh.		
May word of advice or you know recommendation or you know suggestion.		
like what to look for what to kind of not look for something like that may.		
final words is so sorry recommendations what.		
to look for and not to look for for yeah for the for the community kind of like.		
coming into web 3 or looking into ethereum yeah and I think uh the the.		ethereum
thing that we need to focus on at the current time is like really yeah.		
find things that make sense from the point of view of principles and that.		
makes sense from the point of view of like are users going to be willing to do.		
this right and like you can't sacrifice on either one right because if you.		
sacrifice on the principles eventually you get outcompeted by a centralized.		
thing that just forgets the blockchain and if you you know like sacrifice on.		blockchain
usability then like you know you're not going to go beyond like a few thousand.		
Tech de as your users and like basically we are not building prototypes anymore.		
right and I think we need to fully internalized that and fully internalized.		
that you know for example everything that we're building everything that is.		
built from here on needs to be ler to first everything that is built from here.		
on if it's like attestation identity reputation based needs to be ZK first um.		
so like you know we we all we love pope right but Pope you know like really.		
needs to become ZK first ASAP um and like Zoo stamps exist right so know.		
there's definitely independent implementations going in that direction.		
um you know needs to be a countertraction first right like you.		
know basically you know really build with the 2020s mindset right and I think.		
if we do that then I'm going to actually have a chance at making something really.		
meaningful and successful all right thank you so much for your time and.		
really appreciate your insights and always love having you here um yeah I.		
really want to um like contribute to the eum community and uh be a passionate.		
commun builder of course thank you thank you so much.		
[Music].		
