Content		Keywords
Hello, I am Tania, your CryptoRobin Host. Today, we will take a look at some 
of the statements Vitalik Buterin,   co-founder of Ethereum, made in a recent 
podcast interview with The StakeBorg Talks. The interview was carried out by Vlad Mercori,  		Ethereum		Vitalik Buterin
StakeBorg co-founder, during 
Buterin’s visit to Bucharest. The two approached various topics, such as 
Buterin’s early attraction to problem-solving   and mathematics, the beginning and 
the future of the Ethereum ecosystem,   the potential of decentralized autonomous 
organizations (DAOs), and today’s crypto sector.		Crypto		Decentralized
Later on, some of Buterin’s 
points made the headlines. Before we go into more details, though, 
let me remind you about our other YouTube    - Cryptomatics, where you can find 
crypto and DeFi concepts explained for beginners. Also, don't forget to subscribe 
and activate notifications,  		Ethereum		DeFi Crypto		DeFi
to be informed promptly 
when we publish a new clip. Spreading over an hour, the interview brought to 
light Buterin’s take on a potential flippening   where Ethereum overtakes Bitcoin both in 
price value and as a store-of-value asset. He stated that this flippening could be 
on the horizon and supported his view  		Crypto		Bitcoin
by saying that “the big difference between 
Ethereum and Bitcoin is that Bitcoin is a   platform where the value of the ecosystem 
comes from the value of the currency,   but in Ethereum, the value of the currency 
comes from the value of the ecosystem.” Considering the London hard fork 
upgrade that took place in August,  		Crypto		Bitcoin
more precisely, the way it enhances 
Ethereum’s transaction payment system,   Buterin further backed his claim by stating 
that “Especially post-EIP 1559 when you have   the fees burnt, that becomes true 
in a more direct economic sense.” He added that more interesting things happen 
inside the Ethereum ecosystem, such as NFTs,  		
which have been “interesting from a cultural 
perspective because they bring people into   Ethereum that have a completely different mindset 
than DeFi and regular crypto people, for example.” However, he highlighted one 
of Bitcoin’s strong points,   namely that it has a culture that strongly 
appeals to a particular group of people  		Ethereum		DeFi Crypto		Bitcoin Crypto		DeFi
and thus has a strong base, which is needed if 
you want to be a very big part of the world. One moment that is likely to 
become iconic and has already made   the headlines was the one revealing Buterin’s 
image of himself as that of a tech philosopher. Answering Mercori’s inquiry whether he sees 
himself as more of a tech guy or a philosopher,  		
the Ethereum co-founder promptly 
responded that he’s some of both   as his thinking directly informs his doing. He later expressed his thoughts on the crypto 
sector’s potential to succeed but also to fail,   acknowledging that “like all 
things, this is an experiment.”		
However, he reinforced the idea that 
even if there is a slight chance for   a crypto project to succeed, that 
chance is what makes it worth doing. Speaking on the current directions in crypto, 
Buterin emphasized the need to work with others   and understand that we’re in an interconnected 
world, that for crypto to be a successful  		
movement, various aspects need to be considered, 
such as the economic and political situations. He concluded that the crypto 
space needs to have allies. This only brings forth the 
crucial role that inclusion   and collaboration play in 
making this movement successful.		
Buterin added that it’s important 
for the entire crypto space to engage   more with the real world, believing 
that this will happen over time. On the same note, he stressed the importance 
of culture when it comes to using technology   and how the two are interconnected and cannot 
be separated, stating that: “the culture decides  		General		Technology
the technology and the technology decides the 
culture, the two interplay with each other.” Further challenging Buterin, Mercori asked 
him about how blockchain technology can be   used to achieve individual goals such 
as freedom, social status, wealth, etc. Given that we still have physical borders, 
Buterin thinks blockchain technology could  		Crypto		Blockchain General		Technology
be the one thing that can actually be 
globally trusted since it is not connected   to any one country, using the distributed 
Ethereum and Bitcoin nodes as an example. He added that by looking at how various 
blockchains have performed over the last years,   one could easily see that they have been neutral.		Crypto		Bitcoin
Additionally, he said that if 
people from different parts of   the world are to interact economically, 
blockchains can be a big part of it. He also underlined the importance of blockchain 
in helping governments prove to their citizens   that they are doing things in an open, 
trustworthy, and transparent way.		Crypto		Blockchain
Replying to Buterin’s conclusion that blockchains 
can be viewed as “the spiritual expansion of the   open-source movement,” the StakeBorg co-founder 
suggested that blockchain technology could use   a manifesto that would clearly state 
its objectives so that discussions with   governments and policy- and decision-makers could 
start from there and thus save valuable time.		Crypto		Blockchain General		Technology
Here is where Buterin said that it is something 
that he is actually considering doing more,   especially since Ethereum is 
now shifting to being scalable   and a more mature piece of infrastructure. The interview also touched on the rise of 
DAOs, with Mercori asking Buterin whether these  		
organizations would become the next sector to grow 
and thus follow in the footsteps of DeFi and NFTs. While saying that he definitely sees the DAOs’ 
importance growing over time, Buterin stressed   that there are currently several little things 
missing from this space and not just one problem. However, he went on to say that 
their ability “to make big decisions  		Ethereum		DeFi Crypto		DeFi
and not just continue incrementally on the 
same path” is something we’ll see soon. He is also of the opinion that the way DAOs   evolved has helped us understand better 
what works and what needs to be improved. The Ethereum co-founder added that 
good governance systems are much more  		General		Governance
context and situation-dependent 
than we’ve initially thought. In his interview with StakeBorg 
co-founder Vlad Mercori, Buterin   reiterated some of the principles behind 
Ethereum, mapped today’s crypto sector,   and expressed his vision on the future 
of both Ethereum and crypto as a whole.		
By doing so, he has shown once more 
through his answers to a series of   skillfully addressed and chosen questions that, 
while still in relatively early stages, crypto,   blockchain, and all things related are part 
of a vision to better the world we live in. So much for today! If you’re interested in the 
latest news and reviews of the crypto space,  		Crypto		Blockchain
you can find us on Instagram, 
Facebook, Twitter, and Telegram We’ll leave the links in the description 
below and in the pinned comment. If you’ve enjoyed this video, 
don’t forget to like, subscribe,   and ring the bell to be notified 
whenever we publish a new video.		
Join us and stay up to date!		
