Content	Keywords
Vitalik Buterin Sells 1,300 ETH; Ethereum Price Dips as Whales Buy the Dip - EconoTimes Menu Search | Digital Currency Become a contributor Bookmark Econotimes Menu | Digital Currency Search Flipkart Sellers Sue India’s Antitrust Watchdog Over Unfair Competition Law Probe Shiba Inu Among Worst Performers While Meme Coin Rivals Surge—What's Happening to SHIB? OpenAI Projects $5 Billion Loss Amid Surging ChatGPT Revenue and Upcoming Fee Increases China on Crypto Alert: Ex-Finance Minister Sounds Off After US Bitcoin ETF Shift Bitcoin ETF Inflows Surge as BlackRock, Ark Invest Drive Massive Demand, 17,000 BTC Seized Bitcoin Soars Past Gold: Michael Saylor Says BTC's 51% Surge Crushes Traditional Assets ‘We nicknamed it Eddy’: what do schools and teachers think of AI in classrooms? Hamster Kombat Token Ignites $1.2 Billion Trading Frenzy—TON Network Faces Massive Airdrop Pressure 4 Crypto to Look at This September – Old Meeting New Grayscale Spotlights 20 Cryptos Poised for Massive Gains—Is Your Portfolio Ready? How the cost of living crisis and games industry turmoil could hurt Sony’s PlayStation 5 Pro release HashKey Global Integrates CODE Travel Rule Solution to Enhance Compliance and Security Viral Hippo-Inspired MOODENG Coin Doubles in Value—Crash Ahead? Billionaire Bitcoiner Flees UK Over Offshore Tax Changes, Settles in Crypto-Powered Swiss City Shiba Inu (SHIB) Hits 203% Volume Surge, Inches Closer to Massive Price Breakout Tesla’s Shanghai Megafactory Reaches 60% Completion, On Track for 2025 Megapack Production Bitcoin, Binance Tokens Slip as CZ's Net Worth Takes Major Hit Following Release Digital Currency Revolution Search News Economy Central Banks Investing Research Roundups Digital Currency Insights Technical Analysis Technology Business Law Health Nature Fintech Science Topic Opinions About us Advertise With Us Contribute Contact us Institutional Service Privacy Policy Terms of Service Disclaimer ©Econometrics LLC . All Rights Reserved	ethereum, bitcoin, crypto, eth
Vitalik Buterin Sells 1,300 ETH; Ethereum Price Dips as Whales Buy the Dip Vitalik Buterin sells ETH while traders buy the dip amid price fluctuations. Monday, September 30, 2024 6:47 AM  UTC Related Stories Shiba Inu (SHIB) Soars: Whale Frenzy and Profit Surge Signal Explosive Price Rally Ahead! China on Crypto Alert: Ex-Finance Minister Sounds Off After US Bitcoin ETF Shift Shiba Inu Among Worst Performers While Meme Coin Rivals Surge—What's Happening to SHIB? Billionaire Bitcoiner Flees UK Over Offshore Tax Changes, Settles in Crypto-Powered Swiss City Bitcoin Soars Past Gold: Michael Saylor Says BTC's 51% Surge Crushes Traditional Assets Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin sold over 1,300 ETH valued at $3.35 million in the past 12 days, according to on-chain data	ethereum, bitcoin, crypto, eth
As Buterin reduces his holdings, savvy traders are seizing the opportunity to buy the dip, even as Ethereum's price slips 1.34% to trade below $2,700. According to SpotonChain's on-chain statistics, Vitalik Buterin, co-founder of Ethereum, sent over 1,300 ETH to Paxos, a cryptocurrency exchange, in the last 12 days	ethereum, cryptocurrency, paxos, eth
The data also reveals that in the past 24 hours, Buterin's wallet, which is identified as "0x556," sent 649 ETH to Paxos, with a value of $1.72 million. Buterin Dumps 1,300 ETH Amid Market Uncertainty Buterin financed another wallet, "0xd04," with 70,000 ETH in 2022	paxos, wallet, eth
On September 19, the same wallet received 1,300 ETH ($3.21 million) from that wallet. Making the most of Ethereum's price recovery, wallet "0x556" transferred 1,300 ETH to Paxos over the last 11 days	ethereum, paxos, wallet, eth
The sale price per Ethereum was $2,581, resulting in a total of $3.35 million. Whales Rush to Buy as Ethereum Dips Below Key Levels Vitalik Buterin recently introduced the idea of "Ethereum alignment" to improve the Ethereum ecosystem, which coincided with the recent wallet moves	ethereum, wallet
With this new platform, we hope to find a happy medium between Ethereum's ecosystem and decentralization. According to Coingape , this "Ethereum Alignment" movement is all about decentralization and supporting public good projects	ethereum, decentralization
The goal of bringing together developers, client teams, and researchers is to create an ecosystem that is both coherent and decentralized. Vitalik Buterin also stressed the significance of open-source ideals, which encourage network security and transparency	decentralized
Ethereum Battles Resistance at $2,800 Smart whales have been purchasing ETH drops as the co-founder of Ethereum has been selling. Just eight hours ago, a knowledgeable Ethereum trader bought 10,083 ETH, or $26.8 million, according to Lookonchain	ethereum, eth
The trader has a perfect record, having made $2.14 billion in gains from 10 successful ETH swing transactions since August 12. Equally encouraging for institutional investors was the fact that spot Ethereum ETF inflows restarted last week	ethereum, eth
"Ethereum Alignment" Framework Pushes Decentralization The price of Ethereum, which had been trending upwards during the previous week, has dropped by 1.34 percent in the last day, bringing its market worth down to $316 billion. It is now trading at $2,626.78	ethereum, decentralization
A well-known cryptocurrency expert named Daan Crypto recently said ETH is yet to make a higher high, something that BTC managed to do last week. Therefore, the bulls must continue to do extra effort in order to validate the trend reversal	cryptocurrency, crypto, eth
But that can't happen unless the price of ETH jumps over its 200 EMA, which is currently at $2,800, indicating systemic upward momentum. Editor's Picks Breathing through your nose when you exercise may make your runs easier Entrepreneurs are facing a mental health crisis — here's how to help them Are fish oil supplements as healthy as we think? And is eating fish better? Will AI kill our creativity? It could – if we don’t start to value and protect the traits that make us human Does AI have a right to free speech? Only if it supports our right to free thought How can I lower my cholesterol? Do supplements work? How about psyllium or probiotics? Why we need to set limits on sperm donation Aging with a healthy brain: How lifestyle changes could help prevent up to 40% of dementia cases Seven techniques to avoid weight regain, approved by experts Market Data Market Data by TradingView Financial Markets by TradingView Most Popular 1 OpenAI Projects $5 Billion Loss Amid Surging ChatGPT Revenue and Upcoming Fee Increases 2 Post-election violence is possible in US, political scientist says − and it could be worse than Jan	eth
6 3 Tesla’s Shanghai Megafactory Reaches 60% Completion, On Track for 2025 Megapack Production 4 Ukraine war: Vladimir Putin ups the ante on his nuclear blackmail – the big question is how the west will respond 5 Britain’s Economic Recovery Driven by Tech and Science Sectors, Leaving Others Behind 6 Shiba Inu (SHIB) Soars: Whale Frenzy and Profit Surge Signal Explosive Price Rally Ahead! 7 Flipkart Sellers Sue India’s Antitrust Watchdog Over Unfair Competition Law Probe 8 TPG Poised to Acquire Minority Stake in Creative Planning, Valuing Firm at $15 Billion 9 Philippine Wealth Grows in 2023, But Country Remains Among Asia’s Poorest, Says Report 10 Vitalik Buterin Sells 1,300 ETH; Ethereum Price Dips as Whales Buy the Dip EconoTimes Back to Top ▲ ©Econometrics LLC . All Rights Reserved	ethereum, eth
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. About us Advertise with us Contribute Contact Us Disclaimer: EconoTimes provides references and links to selected blogs and other sources of economic and market information as an educational service to its clients and prospects and does not endorse the opinions or recommendations of the blogs or other sources of information	
Clients and prospects are advised to carefully consider the opinions and analysis offered in the blogs or other information sources in the context of the client or prospect's individual analysis and decision making. None of the blogs or other sources of information is to be considered as constituting a track record	
Past performance is no guarantee of future results and EconoTimes specifically advises clients and prospects to carefully review all claims and representations made by advisors, bloggers, money managers and system vendors before investing any funds or opening an account with any Brokerage. Any news, opinions, research, data, or other information contained within this website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment or trading advice	
EconoTimes expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits without limitation which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information. As with all such advisory services, past results are never a guarantee of future results	
Welcome to EconoTimes Sign up for daily updates for the most important stories unfolding in the global economy .	
