1.  Dr. Stephen Strange is the Sorcerer Supreme, or will be at least, meant to be the greatest in the history of the Masters of the Mystic Arts, who is tasked with protecting his realm from magical menaces who threaten his reality
2.  Having only been a Master of the Mystic Arts for a handful of years, Dr. Strange's meteoric rise to become the pinnacle of what all sorcerers aspire to be has been remarkable, and shows us that his upper limits of power have yet to even be approached
3.  Dr. Stephen Strange is a brilliant mind who, even before becoming a master of the mystic arts, was on the radar of Hydra, who planned to have him murdered as Zola's algorithm considered him a potential threat to the powerful group
4.  Strange went on in blissful ignorance until one day when he was in a tragic car accident, which cost him the ability to perform his job as a surgeon
5.  Wanting to restore his health at any cost, he went on a journey to seek out Kamar-Taj at the advice of Jonathan Pangborn
6.  Under the tutelage of the Ancient One, Doctor Strange used his incredible talent, along with his eidetic memory, to rise up the ranks of the Masters of the Mystic Arts, and was instrumental in the defeat of the zealot Kaecilius and his master, Dormammu
7.  In Infinity War, we see Strange go toe-to-toe with the mad titan Thanos, being able to not only match his impressive physical strength, but push him to the limits, forcing Thanos to use multiple infinity stones in combinations he would not have to use against any other foe during his quest to decimate half of all sentient life
8.  Using the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak, he is able to grab onto and restrain Thanos long enough for his backup to jump in
9.  And after Thanos' escape from Mantis' mind manipulation, Strange is forced to battle Thanos mano-a-mano, and during this fight, Strange casts the Images of Ikonn spell, and again is able to restrain Thanos, forcing the Mad Titan to use the Soul Stone in concert with the Power Stone to locate Strange's real body and destroy the duplicates
10. Doctor Strange doesn't need the duplicates to match Thanos' strength
11. Thanos unleashing the full might of the Power Stone was not enough to get past Doctor Strange's greatest defense, the Mirror Dimension
12. Thanos was indeed trapped within the Mirror Dimension after Strange summoned what seemed to be a portion of the Mirror Dimension walls
13. Strange casted a spell that encased Thanos in a crystal prison
14. Doctor Strange's Mirror Dimension's barriers were strong enough to endure the planet-annihilating power of the Power Stone
15. Doctor Strange's spells could somewhat contend with the massive power of Thanos himself
16. As we know, Doctor Strange visits the Dark Dimension to confront the cosmic conqueror, Dormammu
17. Strange was meant to introduce the foreign concept of time to Dormammu, binding him to the laws of nature within Strange's universe
18. Using Eldritch magic, Doctor Strange can manifest various weapons in the form of whips, swords, and shields, which he uses when he needs to fight up close and personal
19. when he fires his shields at Spider-Man, turning them into deadly Eldritch Disks, or they can be used to assist allies, as when he used them as platforms for Star-Lord to hop across
20. If a larger, more powerful shield is required, he can summon the Shield of the Seraphim, which he does to help soften the Avengers' crash landing on Titan
21. He has standard telekinetic abilities using magic, as he displayed during Infinity War, when he pushed back Bruce Banner to get him to safety, and various times during No Way Home to call back the box and his sling ring
22. As I mentioned earlier, Strange can summon the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak, which he uses to restrain Thanos and prevent him from using the Infinity Gauntlet
23. When he needs to go on the offensive, he can fire the Bolts of Balthakk, energy arcing projectiles which can melt solid stone on contact
24. He has access to various tracking spells, which he used to locate Odin and to assist Spider-Man with tracking the multiversal invaders during No Way Home
25. Strange can also cast various protection and warding spells, which he used to prevent access to the Time Stone within the Eye of Agamotto
26. Doctor Strange has access to elemental spells, one being the Winds of Watoomb, which he uses to clear the New York City streets and to hold back the water during the final battle against Thanos
27. He can summon fire and open the earth to summon the Icy Tendrils of Ikthalon, which dragged members of Thanos' army into the chasm that he created within the earth
28. Dr. Strange can duplicate himself using a spell called the Images of Ikonn, making copies that can interact with the physical world and aren't simply illusions like sprites duplicates
29. Transmutation is also on the list of spells Strange has access to
30. He's able to conjure a defensive barrier that transmuted a singularity into harmless butterflies
31. He can transmute his clothing from street clothes to his sorcerer robes, and he transmuted a cup of tea into a mug of beer for Thor to enjoy, and it even magically conjured more alcohol when emptied
32. No good sorcerer would be much without the ability to conjure items, as Doctor Strange does with the Time Stone during Infinity War, which he hid in an illusion among the stars
33. He also conjured an umbrella stand and cup of tea for Thor during Ragnarok
34. Strange can additionally enchant everyday items, imbuing them with eldritch magic, as he does with Spider-Man's Iron Spider Gauntlet, giving it the ability to track multiversal anomalies and allowing it to fire a projectile that instantly transports its target into a magical prison
35. Within the Sanctum, he has the ability to teleport himself and others instantly
36. During the events of No Way Home, Strange also displayed his high-level mind hack spells, able to brainwash the entire planet into forgetting Peter Parker ever existed
37. One of the best offensive options Strange has at his disposal is astral projection and the astral push
38. Strange can force his astral form out of his body and into the astral plane, which is an alternate dimension that is aligned with his own
39. While in the astral form, the physical limitations of his body are tossed aside, and he can move freely throughout the dimension without anything impeding him
40. But if need be, he can still interact with the physical world
41. This ability makes him extremely dangerous, as he could easily use his astral form to battle his opponents without them ever being able to detect or interact with his spirit
42. If his astral form has been projected out, his body is left limp and lifeless until he returns to it
43. Not only can he project his own astral form, but he can push the astral form out of others, which, without countermeasures, is pretty much a one-hit knockout
44. Doctor Strange is also equipped with a Sling Ring, which can open portals to anywhere in the world and even other dimensions
45. Sling Rings can be used for travel or for combat, as shown by Wong and Doctor Strange during the events of Infinity War, No Way Home, and Shang-Chi
46. If Strange is ever found in a situation where he is ill-equipped to deal with a threat, he can always use the Sling Ring to remove himself or his opponent from the battle
47. Strange has the ability to summon the Mirror Dimension around his opponent
48. If simply trapping his opponent isn't the goal, you can also fight them within the mirror dimension, giving him a massive advantage. In this dimension, he has the ability to bend reality to his will
49. Strange is also equipped with a powerful magical relic called the Cloak of Levitation
50. The cloak of Levitation allows him to levitate and fly, but it does so much more
51. The option of astral projecting to fight much more appealing, as Strange knows if he is out of his body, the cloak will keep him safe
52. And, the cloak is a formidable opponent, able to fight other sorcerers, overpower Drax, and even briefly restrain the Mad Titan himself
53. Despite Strange no longer having it, the Stone played an integral role in his power progression
54. With the Time Stone, Strange was able to accelerate his already impressive progress by manipulating time
55. He lived through thousands of loops against Dormammu, giving him precious time to practice his spellcasting, and he also lived through all 14,605,000 battles against Thanos, gaining invaluable time further mastering the mystic arts, which is possibly how he learned to control the mirror dimension so thoroughly
56. When he had the Time Stone, Strange could stop and reverse time at will, give immunity to others that are in stopped time, and introduce time to avoid where there was none, and he could even see into the future
57. With the Time Stone, Strange is obviously more powerful, but he's still one of the most powerful beings in the multiverse without it
58. Strange's speed is on par with the reactions of Captain Marvel herself
59. Strange's versatility is nearly unmatched within the Marvel Cinematic Universe