1. At a young age, Stephen Strange had dreams of becoming a doctor. 
2. The eldest child of three, Strange was born in 1930 while his parents Eugene and Beverly Strange were on vacation in Philadelphia. 
3. At the age of eleven he aided his younger sister Donna when she was injured, which proved to be a formative experience for him, and he was inspired to attend med school after high school. 
4. Ironically, it was his inability to later save his sister from drowning when he was nineteen and on leave from college that undermined his belief in life’s meaning and the value of idealism. 
5. He rapidly finished med school at a young age and became a successful neurosurgeon.
6. Strange displayed phenomenal talent in his chosen field, and quickly attained wealth and notoriety. 
7. The more successful he became, the more arrogant he grew. Eventually this led to estrangement from his family and the undoing of his relationship with a United Nations translator named Madeline Revell to whom he had proposed marriage. 
8. So distant and self-absorbed did he become that he refused to visit his father on his deathbed. 
9. His enraged younger brother Victor Strange berated Stephen Strange for this, and then was killed as he ran into traffic. Stephen then placed the body of his brother into cryogenic storage. At a much later stage Stephen attempted to restore his brother through magical means, but instead imbued him with the curse of vampirism.
10. A car accident that damaged the nerves in his hands changed everything for Stephen Strange. He was no longer able to be a surgeon, yet he refused to become an assistant or consultant, instead squandering his money traveling the world and searching for a cure. 
11. One day he heard a rumor of a mystical personage known as the Ancient One in Tibet. Marshaling the last of his inner and outer resources, Strange diligently searched until the fortress of the Ancient One was revealed to him. 
13. Though initially outraged that the aged mystic refused to cure his hands, Strange’s anger was quickly replaced by amazement when the reality of magical forces was demonstrated before his eyes as he witnessed an attack on the Ancient One.
14. Circumstances revealed to Strange that it was none other than Baron Mordo, the Ancient One’s chief disciple, who was the perpetrator of the attack, and who continued to plot the destruction of the antediluvian mystic in an attempt to gain power. To his horror, Strange learned he was unable to reveal this after Mordo easily encircled him. Realizing the Ancient One was a force for good; Stephen selflessly abandoned his quest to restore his hands and committed himself to magical tutelage with the intention of foiling Mordo’s insidious scheme. By this act Strange proved himself to the Ancient One, to whom the entire melodrama had been transparent. Thus Doctor Strange put himself on the path to become the new Sorcerer Supreme of the Earth dimension, yet gained a deadly enemy in Baron Mordo.
15. Master of the Mystic Arts, Doctor Strange is one of the most powerful sorcerers in the world. 
16. Dr. Strange uses mystical energy invoked upon by spells/incantations or by the power of divine beings to manipulate forces of the universe including projection of mystic energy as bolts, slashes, binds, shields, or a scattered array of energy appearing like electricity, manipulating matter and various energies (physical or spiritual) even transmutation of matter, controlling the elements, opening or sealing mystical portals to other realms, teleportation or dimensional travel, reality warping and control over dimension, seeing through or casting illusions, invisibility and intangibility through astral projection, vast mental powers such as telepathy and telekinesis, communication with the dead and spiritual entities, seeing the future or past, manipulating dreams, removing spirits or placing them back into bodies, summoning supernatural beings, or using the powers of supernatural items.Many of Doctor Strange’s powers are a function of his ability to manipulate the ambient mystical energy of the Marvel Universe. 
17. With this ability Dr. Strange can perform many functions. Commonly this is seen as energy attacks that range from low power to planet destroying, transmutation, telekinesis, teleportation, protective shields, etc. 
18. He uses this mystical energy to cast spells of a near infinite variety.
19. Dr. Strange can also channel the virtually unlimited energy of nigh-omnipotent mystical and non-mystical beings - known as Principalities - to empower his spells. This can take the form of stating what he wants to occur. This ability to be a conduit to multi-versal power sources has given rise to the phrase "Dr. Strange is as powerful as the god he invokes". He is quite capable of utilizing power that is considered "black magic", though he tends to do so only under extreme exigency. 
20. Though he rarely has, he can absorb the power of even a cosmic or semi-deity entity. 
21. Doctor Strange has a pact with Eternity possibly allowing him to live as long as the Ancient One and others before him have.
22. Doctor Strange has been noted calling upon many sorcerous phrases invoking certain entities, usually the above-mentioned Principalities. One example:“Seven rings hath Raggador, from indigo to deepest black, Yet Oshtur grant me something more: The Crimson Bands of Cyttorak!”This phrase for instance, would cause unbreakable magical bonds to appear, capable of constraining even the Hulk. 
23. In addition to Cyttorak and Oshtur, among the beings of power called upon by Strange are all-seeing Agamotto and hoary Hoggoth, who along with Oshtur form the triad known as the eternal Vishanti; the Seraphim; Cthon (who created the Darkhold tome); Gaia; Ikonn; Dormammu (rarely) and the hell-lord Satannish. 
24. The Sorcerer Supreme possesses a formidable arsenal of magical artifacts, two of which are particularly recognizable-- the Eye of Agamotto and the Cloak of Levitation. 
25. The Eye of Agamotto is an artifact with many uses, such as vastly extending Dr. Strange's psychic abilities, inter dimensional travel, emitting a light that pierces all deception and is anathema to evil beings, serving as a protective talisman, and other feats. 
26. The Eye of Agamotto can be used as an almost irresistible offensive weapon, though Strange rarely does so. 
27. Similar to Mjolnir, the Eye can only be used by those it deems as morally worthy. The Cloak of Levitation has been a third set of hands for Dr. Strange, responding to his thoughts to entangle opponents, and allowing him to fly and levitate. It is virtually indestructible and has shielded him from attacks as well.
28. Strange also possesses the Orb of Agamotto, a sort of hyper-powerful crystal ball that allows clairvoyant perception of anywhere in any dimension or realm. 
29. Other powerful artifacts in his possession include the Book of the Vishanti, the Darkhold tome, and the Wand of Watoomb. 
30. His abode in Greenwich Village known as the Sanctum Sanctorum, both defies normal spatial law and is of such magical potency in its protections that it may be considered an artifact itself. 
31. Doctor Strange has also come into the possession of the Soul Gem in the past.Since his adventure in space, Strange has had access to a cosmic forge on Nidavellr for him to create his own magical artifacts.