1. Doctor Strange	Challenge accepted, Beyoncé.”
2. Dr. West	No time for theatrics, Strange.”
3. Dr. Strange	I harbor no faith in fairytales of chakras or energy.”
4. Doctor Strange	Stealing the whole book might have been prudent, for the warnings follow the spells.”
5. Doctor Strange	Time for me to disappear.”
6. Dr. Strange	Gratitude for the books, the chilling tale, and the veiled threats.”
7. Doctor Strange	I could have done more.”
8. Doctor Strange	Educate me.”
9. Dr. Strange	Dormammu, negotiations have commenced!”
10. Doctor Strange	A sensible notion, to place warnings before spells.”
11. Doctor Strange	Wong. Just Wong? Like Adele? Or Aristotle. Drake. Bono… Eminem.”
12. Doctor Strange	Your desires fulfilled, eternal existence as part of the One. It won't suit you.”
13. Dr. Strange	I'm defying natural laws. Aware of the consequences.”
14. Doctor Strange	Do you ever laugh? Hand over the book.”
15. Mordo	Think there'll be no reckoning, Strange? No dues to pay? We flouted our laws, just as she did. Consequences are inevitable!”
16. Doctor Strange	Preparation is underway.”
17. Strange Tales Vol 1 118	Where mankind is menaced by magic... there must Doctor Strange go to combat it!
18. Strange Tales Vol 1 120	Whether there are ghosts inthat houseis not for me to say! But, there are far more dangerous things than ghosts... things which most of us do not even dream exist!
19. Strange Tales Vol 1 122	Be silent!Yourcowardly sniveling does not become you! Stand aside while I save your undeserving life!
20. Strange Tales Vol 1 126	The dreadDormammu!! Most powerful of the dwellers in the realms of darkness!! What does he seek of us?
21. Strange Tales Vol 1 147	These features are as a cooling draught to my eyes! Would that I had more than her wraith to gaze upon... would thatCleaherself were by my side!
22. Strange Tales Vol 1 154	But, no matter the danger, no matter the dread challenge that awaits me ... I ... must go forth...
23. Doctor Strange Vol 1 169	Charity Work!You've got to be joking, Dr. Benton!  These are the most talented hands in the annals of medicine!  They don't touch a band-aid for anything butcash!
24. Doctor Strange Vol 1 170	Nightmare!? That phantom fiend who stalks the misty byways of dreams? Could he have come back -- to menace us anew?
25. Doctor Strange Vol 1 171	Whatever befall, the world must never know the full mystic power of Doctor Strange
26. Doctor Strange Vol 1 174	By the dread Vipers of Valtorr!
27. Doctor Strange Vol 1 175	By the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth!
28. Doctor Strange Vol 1 176	Before me lies a tombstone... newly-carved... icy cold... and carved upon it is... my name!
29. Doctor Strange Vol 1 177	For, many can be the forms --- and many the faces of the man calledDoctor Strange!
30. Doctor Strange Vol 1 181	In a thousand dimensions,Clea... the one constant is the creature called woman!
31. Marvel Premiere Vol 1 10	Youseek to weaken my resolve withfear!But know that Dr. Strangeunderstandsfear-- andrulesit!
32. Doctor Strange Vol 2 2	I must meditate-- attempt to comprehend this cosmos-- for only through knowledge can true salvation come.
33. Defenders Vol 1 18	"One does not need ""guts"" to deal with such as you Bulldozer.  One requires power -- and Doctor Strange has power in abundance!"
34. Doctor Strange Vol 2 23	For, with all the power at my command, there isnothingI can do to stop the weeping of the universe's mostinnocentchild.
35. Doctor Strange Vol 2 31	With one breath yougloryin another man's agony... and with the next, youlustfor my disciple! Truly, you arebereftof all honor!
36. Doctor Strange Vol 2 34	Your life is asham,Black. Your only reality is the refuge ofillusion. You have mistakenshadowsforsubstancefor so long--.
37. Doctor Strange Vol 2 49	A tantric exercise,Clea! It's quite useful for mystic growth!
38. Doctor Strange Vol 2 64	I am Doctor Strange and that is my body down there with its heart beating so slow it… I will die.
39. Doctor Strange Vol 2 65	You people... you have all seen true mystic forces in action.  Do any of you wish to remember what you have seen?
40. Doctor Strange Vol 2 72	Your daughteris made of sterner stuff thanyouknow!
41. Doctor Strange Vol 2 73	The flames of regency -- the mantle ofherpower -- have at last fallen upon the rightful ruler of the Dark Dimension. Long mayshereign!
42. Strange Tales Vol 2 1	I must deny myself! I have to be pure and undistracted to do what must be done! I can't -- I can not -- I can not love another!
43. Strange Tales Vol 2 17	Are the reasons I left them behind any less relevant now? What right do i have to endanger them again?
44. Strange Tales Vol 2 18	Evil cannot be undoneVictoria. But I have had to journey to the depths of infinity and beyond to learn this lesson...that it can behealed.
45. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 2	If anyone else had said that, I'd have called her a naive fool -- in squeaks and hisses.
46. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 3	Now let the rising tide of power / From birth of stars to final doom / Reveal the place, the form, the hour / Where light's salvation forth may bloom / Where seen and unseen twine and blend -- And darkness end!
47. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 4	By the light -- By the Truth -- By Sangreal and sword and Pendragon's Fire -- By Defender's might and Dragon Circle's destiny -- Behold thy bane!
48. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 10	You see, for the past decade, Vic's been lying, cryogenically frozen in that warehouse that was just torn down.  He's also...my brother...who died ten years ago!
49. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 32	This ismyneighborhood, fanatic. Did you really think I wouldn't take pains to keep itcleanof filth likeyou?
50. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 33	Thanos's maelstrom is sending usbackward through time --so that I can't continue toanchorthe heroes we sent against him!
51. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 37	By the darksome void where chaos reigned -- by the myriad Moons of Munnopor -- the Silver Surfer be now constrained by the Roving Rings of Raggadorr!
52. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 42	Ordinarily, I don't like to shoot first and ask questions afterward. I prefer to leave that kind of impatience toSpider-Manand the ever-incredibleHulk.
53. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 49	Doctor Strangeisno one'sservant -- Be theyman-- orgod!
54. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 54	In other words -- I need to becomeSorcerer Supremeagain!
55. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 60	I see you must beforcedtohearme -- this is nowguerrilla warfare -- there is no sanctuary.Witness,however, my friends...some times to wrestvictoryfrom apparent disaster, one must force thedevastation-- tocompletion!
56. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 61	Ah...like most...dabblers...you understand too quickly.  None mayclaimthe Mantle Esoteric -- though it can be given.  As I do...now...without pause...or lament.But...you'll find a Sorceress Supreme is not an empress.  You fill this...vacancy...to discoverhumility...in short --TO SERVE!
57. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 63	Oh...Ancient One, if you can hear your former disciple...I think I am losing... my self... I haven't felt so... empty... so alone... since in my arrogance and impatience, I first destroyed my hands... and learned I would never be a surgeon again.
58. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 67	It may feel as if I amnotwith you, Clea, but Iam.Everything I do,youare a part of it... for Iloveyou.  Love, to me, is Alchemy... the transformation of theordinaryinto something precious... andpowerful.
59. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 72	"Ahhh,Salome... your corruption may have partially destroyed my body... but you have inadvertently set me on a path... to become more whole... moreintegratedthan my one-dimensionalshadow selves... myvengefulthan theDread Dormammu... and morepowerfulthanyou.EvenwiththeVishanti's""charity""!  BewarnedSalome!  Doctor Strange isback-- to finally take matters into hisown hands!andnothingwill ever drive him underground again!"
60. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 75	From this day forward, let the world know that Doctor Stephen Strange is once again its Sorcerer Supreme!
61. Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme Vol 1 80	Trust me.  I'm adoctor.And, from now on -- the doctor isin.
62. Untold Tales of Spider-Man: Strange Encounters Vol 1 1	And I have found a most courageousallyin the Amazing Spider-Man. Brash and flippant he may be, but I sense in his young life a recenttragedy, perhaps greater even than my own. Whatever the truth may be, Spider-Man has avaliant spiritto match his astounding powers! Clearly, he has accepted thegreat responsibilitythat great power demands!
63. Doctor Strange: The Oath Vol 1 5	What, you plan to turn into a purple dragon while I take the form of agermfor you to catch? Please, do you honestly want to have a wizard's duel withme?
64. Strange Vol 2 1	I'd forgotten how terrific it felt to simplyrelaxand not have to feelresponsibleforeverylittle thing that goeswonky...
65. Strange Vol 2 2	If you do not pay theutmost attention, magic can getawayfrom you in aheartbeat.   Every spell, every sigil, everymanipulation... you must keep a close eye oneverythingso it doesn'tbackfire.
66. Invincible Iron Man Vol 2 22	Tony Stark.  Do you remember me?  I'm Dr. Stephen Strange.  I've come to show you the way out of this hole you're in.  The world needs it's Iron Man.
67. Strange Vol 2 4	Come on, Larry.  Let's go make some consequences.
68. Mystic Hands of Doctor Strange Vol 1 1	I have fought to keep the world just the way it is.  I have saved it, Wong.  Time and time again.  And look at it...
69. Doctor Strange: From the Marvel Vault Vol 1 1	Loose the vapors ofValtorrwhich kept the truth concealed -- by the blessed threeVishanti, let my garb now be revealed.Eye of Agamatto, lead me to the one behind this...
70. Inferno Vol 1 4	Illyana Rasputin.Darkchild,if you prefer. My name isStephen Strange.I amSheriffofAgamottoand theRight HandofDoom.
71. Doctor Strange Vol 4 2	I warnedyouabout the...Wong, Ididtell her, I swear.
72. Doctor Strange Vol 4 4	Impossible? I've learned never to use that word in my line of work.
73. Doctor Strange Vol 4 5	This is Doctor Strange, broadcasting on all known mystical wavelengths. TheEarthis under assault. All sites of magical significance are possible targets.The Empirikulare here. And they are not at all what we were expecting. Our enemies are not magicians. Their weapons aretechnological.But don't allow that to make you overconfident. This... is unlike any technology I've ever seen. A technology with the power to disrupt magic.
74. Doctor Strange Vol 4 10	Youwanted to end all magic. Well, I've got a better job for you. This is it.Zelma Stantononly savedone bookfrom my library. Bless her soul. And it's one I wrote. I call itThe Thing in the Cellar.
75. Doctor Strange Vol 4 11	This is just the way I look now,Wong. Say hello to the new face of magic.
76. Doctor Strange Vol 4 13	Clowns.Of course. There's gonna be a lot of clowns. Isn't there?
77. Doctor Strange Vol 4 14	Okay, but... I'm definitely writingyourdinera strongly worded Yelp review.
78. Doctor Strange / Punisher: Magic Bullets Infinite Comic Vol 1 4	That was merely a confirmation that I haven't brought us on awild ghost chase.
79. Doctor Strange / Punisher: Magic Bullets Infinite Comic Vol 1 6	Don't make any sudden moves,Frank-- I got your back.
80. Doctor Strange Vol 4 16	Mordo,Nightmare,Satana, theOrb(the Orb--still can't get over that one), andDormammu. This was quite the week fromHell. But at least I showed them I'm still as stubborn as ever when it comes to being murdered.
81. Doctor Strange and the Sorcerers Supreme Vol 1 6	Who do we help next?
82. Doctor Strange Vol 4 19	I've been going about this all wrong. But so haveyou. Love. That's how you think you canhurtme? Love's not even in the job description for aSorcerer Supreme. But you know what is?Pain.
83. Doctor Strange Vol 4 22	The island ofManhattanis under siege by theDarkforce Dimension... and I'm trapped in a gilded golf cart... with a pack of overgrown children.
84. Doctor Strange and the Sorcerers Supreme Vol 1 10	Wiccan.Billy.Who made the deal for themark?If we can findthem, we can --
85. Doctor Strange Vol 4 24	Oh, the many years I've waited to hear you speak those words,Mordo. Now, shall we end this? Your awesome stockpile of magic... versus my carefully honed skills and experience?
86. Doctor Strange and the Sorcerers Supreme Vol 1 12	The cup grants you... akindof immortality,Yao. You'll ageslowly.And while you may not live forever... youdolive long enough to teach all of us.Weare your legacy...Master.
87. Doctor Strange Vol 4 25	I just can't shake the feeling... this has all happenedbefore.
88. Doctor Strange Vol 1 382	I shouldn't behere. I made a promise to the man at the top of this mountain that I would never come to him for help. Technically speaking,hedoesn't even exist. And the odds are strong he'll kill me for even attempting to make contact...
89. Doctor Strange Vol 1 386	I did bringLas Vegasback, butsomething elsecame along with it. Something evil. A nightmare. Something...hellish.
90. Doctor Strange Vol 1 388	If I weren't furious and half-dead I'd be impressed.
91. Doctor Strange Vol 1 390	I don't understand. Does this... areyoucoming back?
92. Doctor Strange Vol 5 2	Unless I'mmistakenit's theEyeofBasphorus!
93. Doctor Strange Vol 5 3	TheTime Stone,it's been...re-createdsomehow. Why... why is ithere?Whocould have...
94. Infinity Countdown Vol 1 5	Those of you who can hear my call throughthe stone... I am Doctor Strange. We must have a parley. Imminent danger approaches. I summon a gathering of theInfinity Watch.Earth. Midnight tomorrow inNew York'sCentral Park. I guarantee safe conduct for all. As some of you may know, theInfinity Stonesaredifferentthan they once were. I don't know why yet -- but we must make sure they're safeguarded. I ask that you come and hear what I have to say. It's critical we six souls safeguard the stones... because we may have only one opportunity to stave off calamity.
95. Doctor Strange Vol 5 6	Ifyouwere reallyme,you'd never take your eyes off youropponent.I see no reason to prolong this. By the Omnipotence ofOshtur--reveal your true self!
96. Doctor Strange Vol 5 9	Would you like to knowwhyI won't letyouhaveBleecker Street?
97. Doctor Strange Vol 5 11	Captain Americahas theRed Skull. TheFantastic FourhaveDoctor Doom. I haveDormammu, Lord of theDark Dimension.
98. Doctor Strange Vol 5 12	Youmaniac! Don't you realize the chaos you've triggered?Despite hispower,Galactusis fundamentally a creature ofscience!To introduce a force that... thataliento the mystic realms isunconscionable! Nothingthere follows the laws of existence that he carrieswithhim! His presence there may very well unbalanceexistence itself!
99. Doctor Strange Vol 5 13	I, Stephen Strange... Iwill serve as theHerald of Galactus.
100. Doctor Strange Vol 5 16	Knowingly marchingthousandsuponthousandsto theirdeathsis the hardest thing I haveever done.
101. Doctor Strange Vol 5 19	"But longbeforeI took the mantle ofSorcerer, I took an oath. ""I will do no harm. I shall apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures that are required. And I will never playGod."""
102. Doctor Strange Vol 5 20	Kanna, this is Stephen Strange. If you can hear me, I need yourassistance.Can you help?
103. Doctor Strange Annual Vol 3 1	Zelma, do you think you could still throw aHalloweenparty?
104. Dr. Strange Vol 1 1	My name isDr. Stephen Strange.AsEarth'sSorcerer Supreme,I have a unique and demanding responsibility to protect it from anymystical menacesthat maythreatenit. But I'm also the world's greatest neurosurgeon, and the Hippocratic oath is alifetimevow. So I've reached an arrangement withthe hospital: They call me in only for the operations that no one else --noone else -- has the skill to perform.
105. Dr. Strange Vol 1 2	Yourpower upgrade.Where did it come from?
106. Dr. Strange Vol 1 3	Toby, I recognize that symbol. It's asigil of possessionfrom near the dawn oftime.Your tattoo is...infected.I canoperate...but let's put you tosleepfirst.
107. Strange Vol 3 5	Cleafights forlove, for hope ofreunion. As do I.Youmay haveStephen Strangeas yourHarvestman, you may have myvery soul...butmy heartremainshers.
108. Doctor Strange Vol 6 1	I am alive. My enemies? Vanquished. Mylove? Returned to me. Or rather, I to her. Life, victory, love...allthe things a man could want, have been granted to me. But there is apricefor all these things, one which I gladly pay--duty.The work never ends. And so I return towork.
109. Doctor Strange Vol 6 2	It was a cunningly wrought spell,Clea. It took everything I had to unravel it. And what's more, when Ididshatter it, I felt an echo--ashudder.I received aglimpseof something. A network. Aconstellationof burning souls, linked together with arcane bindings. We freedthischild's soul... but she was just a part of agreaterabomination.
110. Doctor Strange Vol 6 3	It is, after all,Parley Day...which meansthatmust beyouruncle. The DreadDormammu.
111. Doctor Strange Vol 6 8	What say you, ohTrinity of Ashes?Do we have a deal?
112. Stephen Strange (Earth-616)	I have been accused of being unrelenting. Merciless. Perhaps I am. For I have looked into that heart of darkness. I know the chill of evil. I have clearly seen that, no matter what, sometimes the night cannot be kept at bay. So I carefully choose my battles. I fight those I can win. And make sure the ones I can't win are worth dying for.
113. Destroyer of Mystic Energy	"A weapon that uses the almost infinite power of aCosmic Cubetocancel outmystical energy. If I had left a part of my spell in that contraption--Tony,isthisyour""Strangebuster""?"
