1. Doctor Strange's Impatience: Stephen Strange puts up with quite a bit throughout his journey in the MCU, specifically in the team-up films in which he has appeared. While he does endure general annoyances in the personalities of other Avengers like Tony Stark or Peter Parker, he rarely does so quietly, often cracking wise and offering plenty of sarcastic comments in response. Though patience is certainly a virtue that Strange would do well to work to grow, he does manage not to come off as totally unlikable, even in his most impatient moments. Audiences can see him grow in this area over the course of his time in the Avengers, as he clearly attempts to be kinder to less mature heroes like Peter Parker in his later appearances than in some of his earlier team-ups (though his efforts are often unfruitful).
2. Doctor Strange's Stubbornness: One thing that can be said about Doctor Strange with complete and total certainty is that he is one of the most stubborn men in all of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Loathe to admit he is wrong and even more unlikely to admit defeat, Strange will fight to the last, even if it is a losing battle. Though being stubborn is not always viewed as a positive trait, it has served Strange well over the years, particularly in his battle with Dormammu, ruler of the Dark Dimension. In this instance, Strange was willing to lose over and over again so long as it meant the battle would continue, his stubbornness eventually managing to keep Dormammu from winning the day.
3. Doctor Strange's Power: Doctor Strange is undoubtedly among the most powerful Avengers in all of the MCU. Ascending to the rank of Sorceror Supreme in record time, the Master of the Mystic Arts has power unparalleled on earth, with perhaps the only exception being the Scarlet Witch. Even despite his already incredible power, it seems as though Strange only grows stronger with each appearance, implying that he has yet to reach his full potential. This extreme power will certainly come in handy for Strange as he fights whoever proves to be the true villain of Multiverse of Madness.
4. "Doctor Strange's Burden Of Responsibility: As a wise man once said: ""With great power must also come great responsibility."" This is certainly true of the supremely powerful Doctor Strange, who, as a result of his incredible abilities, also has the monumental duty to protect reality itself from the dark forces that would seek to sow chaos throughout the universe."
5. Doctor Strange's Warmth And Capacity For Love: Despite all that Strange deals with on a regular basis as a defender of reality itself, he still manages to foster a warm love between those he holds dear. Though he doesn't always show it, Strange proves to be deeply fond of several characters in the MCU, for whom he is willing to move mountains. Because of his often surly personality, Strange is often misunderstood as an unloving man, but this couldn't be further from the truth. He is, after all, the one who was willing to alter reality itself in order to help the distraught Peter Parker restore some semblance of normalcy to his life. And, as Multiverse of Madness is sure to show, Strange is also the man willing to consistently put his own life on the line in order to protect others--especially those he loves.
6. Doctor Strange's Calculating Mind: When dealing with matters of life and death, Doctor Stephen Strange is often several steps ahead of everyone else, including the Avengers. Knowing just how fragile the reality of the universe really is, the Sorceror Supreme is constantly concocting complex strategies to ensure its survival. This trait has never been put to better display than in Infinity War. Strange was the only opponent of Thanos who recognized that they were fighting a losing battle, and therefore took it upon himself to design a contingency plan, which would allow the Avengers a second chance at defeating Thanos.
7. Doctor Strange's Self-Centeredness: One of the most glaring character defects of Stephen Strange is his self-centeredness. He has the general tendency to think of himself first and others second, which has often led to conflict with those closest to him, especially Christine Palmer.
8. Doctor Strange's Willingness To Sacrifice For The Greater Good: Due to his cerebral and calculating approach to his incredible responsibilities, Strange often deems it necessary to sacrifice for the greater good. This may mean putting his own life on the line or even guiding others to do the same if it means protecting a larger population of innocent people. Doctor Strange is famous for his plan which corrected the Avengers' initial mistakes while fighting Thanos, in which he nudged Tony Stark in the direction that would eventually lead the original Avenger to sacrifice his own life to defeat the Mad Titan once and for all. Until the moment actually occurred, Strange remained the only one to know what Tony's ultimate fate would have to be, completely willing to let Iron Man sacrifice his life for the lives of all other beings in the universe.
9. Doctor Strange's Intelligence: It can be easy for fans of the MCU to forget that Doctor Strange is not just a moniker used by Benedict Cumberbatch's character, but his actual title. Before becoming a powerful sorcerer, Stephen Strange was a brilliant neurosurgeon whose intelligence was unmatched in his field. In his years as a sorcerer, Strange has been forced to put his intelligence to a different use, as he seeks to defend the universe from any and all traits. Even so, he remains just as intelligent as he has always been, a trait which he will need to rely on as he faces the members of the MCU's multiversal Illuminati.
10. Doctor Strange's Arrogance: Despite his heroism, the defining characteristic of Doctor Strange throughout his time in the MCU has been his arrogance. All too often, Strange overestimates his own abilities, which has put the safety of himself and the universe in jeopardy on a number of occasions. It would appear that the greatest demon Strange has ever or will ever face is his own arrogance, which he continues to struggle with even to this day. It was his conceit that directly led to the car crash that robbed him of his steady surgeon's hand, and his haughtiness also created the rift between himself and Baron Mordo (Chiwetel Ejiofor), who may prove to be a powerful enemy as a result. Strange continues to put his arrogant qualities on display in recent appearances, including in Spider-Man: No Way Home, where his poorly thought-out spells may spell doom for the multiverse itself as realities collide.
