content,topic
"Alex Becker is an online entrepreneur in the marketing/sales software fields with a keen interest in crypto (before the FTX scandal, it seems). Most of his initial traction is owed to 2 things — 1) over-the-top videos about making money online, and 2) pumping out training courses on things like SEO, online marketing, Shopify, and such. These days, he mainly releases YouTube videos that are a bit less theatrical and more substantial.","['entrepreneur', 'youtube', 'crypto']"
"Beyond social media content, Alex is the CEO of HYROS (previously known as Market Hero) — an invite-only marketing optimization software. Becker's character and business practices earned him a title of loud mouth marketer that runs his campaigns aggressively.","['hyros', 'ceo', 'marketer', 'market']"
"Alex Becker was born on May 24, 1988 in Dallas, Texas, the United States of America. Between 2007 and 2011, he served in the US Air Force as an aircraft firefighter. After resigning, he decided to make a somewhat risky leap onto the entrepreneurial path since, according to him, he had no other option as his firefighting skills didn't qualify him for any related civilian jobs.","['firefighter', 'firefighting', 'born']"
"Since then, Becker found 2 companies — an SEO software firm called Sound Wave sometime later in 2011, and a marketing optimization software company called Market Hero in 2015. The latter was rebranded to HYROS sometime in 2019, and made an official launch in 2021.","['hyros', 'rebranded', 'company', 'market']"
We’re excited to announce that Alex Becker has officially joined our team as an advisor!,"['advisor', 'announce', 'excited']"
"Alex’s experience as a successful entrepreneur and a huge advocate for web3 gaming will absolutely catalyze our franchise’s success going forward. (1.36M YouTube subscribers, 59M views)","['web3', 'entrepreneur', 'successful', 'success']"
"This partnership with Alex signifies a special moment for our franchise. It was voices like Alex’s that inspired CEO Ian Bentley to recognize the potential of NFTs and web3 gaming, leading to the founding of WAGMI Games. Partnering with a true believer and supporter of the space is priceless for our team.","['wagmi', 'nfts', 'partnership', 'partnering']"
"But beyond that, Alex’s thoughts align perfectly with our business model and strategy. Here are some of Alex’s views:","['thoughts', 'strategy', 'business', 'views']"
“There is no stronger narrative that is more hyped and has more real-world potential than crypto gaming right now. It just is.”,"['crypto', 'narrative', 'gaming', 'hyped', 'stronger']"
This mirrors the direction we’ve been passionately building towards over the past two years.,"['direction', 'passionately', 'building', 'mirrors', 've']"
"“What we want to be investing in, particularly in gaming, is mobile.”","['mobile', 'gaming', 'investing', 'particularly', 'want']"
"We are on the verge of globally releasing our first MOBILE game, WAGMI Defense, on Google Play and the App Store.","['mobile', 'wagmi', 'app', 'globally', 'releasing']"
“This is very important. You can look at the DILUTED market cap vs the ACTUAL market cap. You wanna look for something that’s at least MC = 30% of diluted MC”,"['mc', 'market', 'diluted', 'cap', 'important']"
WAGMI Games ($WAGMIGAMES) market cap is 85% of the diluted market cap. You will not find better tokenomics than these.,"['wagmi', 'wagmigames', 'tokenomics', 'market', 'cap']"
“Founders from last bull have just survived the most brutal bear in crypto history.”,"['founders', 'bear', 'crypto', 'bull', 'survived']"
"We ran a tight ship throughout the entire bear season without any VC investment or external capital. With liquidity returning to the markets, imagine what we can achieve now.","['liquidity', 'markets', 'investment', 'bear', 'ship']"
"Alex Becker is the CEO of Hyros, a software company that provides valuable insights into ad performance, recently sold for an impressive $110 million.","['hyros', 'ceo', 'company']"
"In the realm of crypto and web3 gaming, Alex is a massive figure. His belief in the narrative and utility of web3 gaming leading the next bull run is already proving true.","['crypto', 'gaming', 'web3', 'narrative']"
"In collaboration with Elliot Wainman (Ellio Trades), he founded Neo Tokyo, a premier community of builders, developers, founders and investors, shaping the future of web3 gaming and the metaverse.","['neo', 'founders', 'founded', 'wainman', 'tokyo']"
"As an advisor, Alex is a massive asset for our company, not just because of his immense influence in the industry but also for his insights into building, marketing and scaling a successful business.","['advisor', 'asset', 'business', 'influence']"
"We are absolutely thrilled to welcome Alex as an advisor, an ambassador and a friend. Show him some love on his X account, his YouTube channel and his Instagram.","['ambassador', 'advisor', 'thrilled', 'love']"
And remember… We’re All Gonna Make It!,"['make', 'remember', 'gonna']"
"Alex Becker is a US-based YouTuber, business visionary and online media character. He is well known for sharing money and digital currency recordings. He is additionally a business person by calling and established many organizations. Peruse more to be familiar with his total assets, age, wiki, tallness, bio, spouse, weight, opensea, family, nationality and more.","['youtuber', 'nationality', 'assets']"
"Alex Becker was born to American guardians on 24 May 1988 in the United States. His nickname is Alex and his zodiac sign is Gemini. He finished his tutoring at a non-public school in his old neighborhood. In any case, his instructive capabilities are not uncovered.","['zodiac', 'born', 'gemini']"
"His nationality is White. In any case, he doesn’t share any insights concerning his private life in his YouTube recordings or anyplace on the web. His conjugal status is unmarried. He has a sweetheart named Rachel and they have been together for around four years.","['unmarried', 'rachel', 'nationality', 'white', 'private']"
"Alex Becker is basically a business person. Prior to dispatching his business venture, he worked for the flying corps for around four years. He chose to leave the military and fabricate online organizations in 2011. That year, he dispatched two organizations named Surge Wolf and Source Wave. Both of these sites give SEO administrations. He dispatched his third organization Market Hero LLC in May 2015. In May 2019, he shut down the entirety of his past business and made another organization named Hyros. He is by and by the CEO of the organization which is a following and investigation organization.","['ceo', 'organizations', 'organization']"
"Despite having numerous effective organizations, he is conspicuously known for his self-named YouTube channel. He began his channel on 15 January 2015 and started transferring recordings in August 2016. His ‘How to bring in Money’ related recordings contacted mass audience in brief time frame period. In April 2017, he has hit the 100k supporter achievement. Through the beyond couple of years, his channel has a predictable yet sluggish development. Be that as it may, his crypto coins recordings has procured a great many perspectives in 2021. Presently, he has over 1.13 million endorsers with 41 million all out video sees.","['youtube', 'crypto', '100k', 'channel', 'million']"
"Alex Becker’s total assets is $12 million (assessed). His significant pay source is business. As he is basically a business person, he procures greater part of his pay from his organization Hyros. His opposite side pay sources incorporate YouTube, contributing, and so forth Alex’s YouTube channel acquires around 5,000,000 perspectives consistently. His channel’s CPM is nearly higher than other YouTubers. His month to month assessed income are around $40,000. On the hand, he puts vigorously in numerous digital currencies.","['income', 'assets', 'pay']"
"Alex Becker is an online marketer, entrepreneur, and founder of NeoTokyo Citizens NFT, a collection of Ethereum-based NFTs that serve as composite avatars. He has also launched various technology companies, including Market Hero, Konker.io, and Source Wave, which focuses on digital marketing and SEO software.","['nft', 'nfts', 'founder', 'neotokyo']"
"Alex Becker was born on May 24th, 1988, in Dallas, Texas. He joined the Air Force in 2007. While in the Air Force, Alex served as an aircraft firefighter but resigned in 2011 at the age of 23 to go all-in with internet marketing.","['firefighter', 'born', 'aircraft']"
"Following his military service, Becker decided to take the entrepreneurial path, because according to him, his firefighting skills could not get him any related civilian job. Becker developed a deep interest in technology, prompting him to found two technology-focused enterprises: Source Wave Marketing and Market Hero. The latter rebranded to HYROS in 2019 and was officially launched in 2021.","['hyros', 'rebranded', 'developed', 'technology']"
"In 2011, Becker founded Source Wave, an SEO software company which he grew to more than $4 million a year in revenue before he sold it in 2019. After that, he created a business email platform called Market Hero in 2015, helping “small businesses reach their customers and analyze results in order to increase the return on investment of their marketing.","['wave', 'marketing', 'founded', 'market']"
"Alex Becker created a niche for himself on YouTube which has over 1.3M subscribers by first posting information about digital marketing and SEO, building on his commercial endeavors. His interests and the topics he covered changed over time, and he eventually shifted his focus to the emerging industry of cryptocurrencies.","['youtube', 'niche', 'seo', 'marketing']"
"Becker's cryptocurrency content gained traction during the notable cryptocurrency bull runs in 2017 and 2021, propelling him to prominence as a leading crypto influencer. Through his popularity as a YouTube influencer, Alex Becker was able to earn Ad Revenue and invest it into seed rounds for new cryptocurrencies in GameFi, NFTs, and the Metaverse. ","['crypto', 'cryptocurrencies', 'cryptocurrency', 'influencer']"
"In May 2019, Alex Becker founded Hyros. Hyros is a multi-channel attribution company that helps enterprise and SMB customers get accurate sales and marketing data that they can leverage to make better ROI decisions","['hyros', 'founded', 'company', 'marketing']"
"In December 2022, Banzai International Inc., an engagement marketing startup, acquired HYROS for $110 million","['hyros', 'banzai', 'marketing', 'acquired', 'million']"
"In March 2023, Becker transitioned from his role as CEO and assumed the position of Chief Revenue Officer (CRO) to be heavily focused on product development. Inman Breaux, an AdTech veteran was named the new CEO of Hyros.","['ceo', 'cro', 'hyros', 'breaux']"
"In October 2021, Alex Becker and Elliot Wainman[13] collaborated to create the NeoTokyo NFT collection with the objective of establishing a project that prioritizes community engagement and fosters a culture of sustained participation. The Neo Tokyo NFT collection is designed to incentivize holders who actively follow announcements and actively engage in the digital community surrounding the project.","['nft', 'neotokyo', 'neo', 'community', 'participation']"
"These NFTs are composite avatars made up of component NFTs, including an identity, item cache, and land deed","['nfts', 'avatars', 'composite', 'deed', 'component']"
"According to Becker, Neo Tokyo is more than just a regular metaverse project or a space for speculators who desire to make short-term gains. He promotes the project to be more about networking and building valuable assets for community members down the road.","['neo', 'metaverse', 'tokyo', 'community', 'space']"
"In one of his posts, Alex said: ""The entire goal and vision of NEO Tokyo is around networking and building as a community. I stated in the last post that the amount of value 6500 people can build and share with each other over the span of years in the futures biggest industry (crypto gaming) is unfathomable. I’m talking 100s to billions of dollars worth.","['billions', 'neo', 'tokyo', 'crypto', 'worth']"
"To achieve his long-term goal for the Neo Tokyo project, Alex continually promotes and emphasizes incentivized building. This refers to projects where individuals are motivated to contribute and create value for the community, leading to mutual benefits. ","['projects', 'achieve', 'motivated', 'promotes']"
"$BYTES are the native currency of the NeoTokyo ecosystem used for providing incentives for networking and building. $BYTES are used to mint new Neo Tokyo Bought Identities (NEOTBI), Neo Tokyo Land Deeds (NTLD), and Neo Tokyo Item Caches (NTITEM). It can also be used to change a Citizen's upload message or change the gender of a Citizen","['bytes', 'currency', 'neotbi', 'neotokyo', 'neo']"
"When it comes to wealthy tech entrepreneurs, few are more colorful and innovative than Alex Becker. Becker’s net worth is estimated to be $50 million. Despite his fortune, he continues to run businesses in the tech and crypto space.","['wealthy', 'entrepreneurs', 'worth', 'fortune']"
"Becker was born in 1988 in Dallas, Texas, and little is known about his family. His early years didn’t indicate that he would amass great wealth. Alex started his career in the US Air Force, where he worked as an aircraft firefighter.","['born', 'firefighter', 'little']"
"Becker retired from the Air Force at 23 and afterwards had a brief stint as a dating coach. During this time, he began working as a freelance SEO and was hired by local businesses to improve their website traffic.","['retired', 'stint', 'freelance', 'seo']"
"The Texas native went on to found Source Wave Marketing and Market Hero. Source Wave’s claim to fame was its SEO software and education, while Market Hero is an email software that automates tracking.","['market', 'marketing', 'wave', 'seo', 'fame']"
"But it was his YouTube channel and vlogs that truly made a splash. The most popular ones feature titles like “This Isn’t Fun But it Makes Me $2K an Hour, “Does a Ferrari Attract Girls?-Picking Up Girls in Ferrari,” and “My $45,000 Rolex (Worst Money Ever Spend),” so it’s not exactly hard to understand why he’s so intriguing to the “I wanna get rich quick” crowd.","['rich', 'ferrari', 'money', 'popular', 'youtube']"
"He’s made millions selling online courses that cover dropshipping on Shopify as well as YouTube ads, and both are well regarded. Becker is a strong believer in leveraging YouTube as an untapped traffic source.","['dropshipping', 'youtube', 'shopify', 'ads']"
"Becker also published a book titled “The 10 Pillars of Wealth; Mindsets of the World’s Richest People,” which gives budding entrepreneurs the tools to develop their leadership skills to make their own fortunes.","['entrepreneurs', 'richest', 'wealth', 'fortunes']"
"Biohacking is one of his biggest passions, which led to the founding of an ecommerce nutrition site called Spekter Labs. The company sold premium nootropics products as well as vitamin supplements. Becker sold the business and founded Hyros, an ad tracking platform for high-end digital marketers such as Russell Brunson. In December 2022, Banzai acquired Hyros for a staggering $110 million!","['hyros', 'biohacking', 'ecommerce', 'company', 'marketers']"
"Not surprisingly, he’s invested a nice chunk of his wealth into Bitcoin and altcoins. In October 2021, Alex launched an NFT project called NEO Tokyo with Elliotrades. It’s still early days but the NEOToyko looks prime to make him millions from the NFT hype. On YouTube Alex has stated multiple times that investing in crypto gaming related coins will be a smart decision. If you’re interested in tracking his crypto trades, you can find his wallet at platform.arkhamintelligence.com.","['neotoyko', 'invested', 'investing', 'altcoins']"
"Becker’s confidence extends into his personal life, combining business smarts and goofy personality to attract a following. He’s been called a “minimalist millionaire” as he previously lived in a luxurious but empty house in Dallas after selling off his possessions. He didn’t even own a couch!","['millionaire', 'minimalist', 'personality', 'confidence']"
"In this article, we’ll be giving you a high-level overview of Alex Becker’s Hyros software and a breakdown of whether Hyros is worth it or not, who it’s for, and how it works.","['hyros', 'software', 'overview', 'worth']"
Hyros is an advanced tracking and attribution tool developed by Alex Becker that is built specifically for businesses that do a lot of media buying and for technical media buyers. ,"['hyros', 'tracking', 'media', 'tool']"
"The reason Hyros was created is that the industry currently has an issue with tracking and attribution, as well as pixel tracking (Facebook and Google Ads pixels). It's just a hot mess! ","['hyros', 'pixel', 'pixels', 'tracking', 'facebook']"
"Talking about tracking-issues alone, not only do you lose people very easily—it is also often 'off' by 20% to 30%. This is huge when you consider that you're using that data to optimize campaigns. And when you talk about longer-term sales cycles, it's nearly impossible with pixel tracking to get really good data.","['tracking', 'pixel', 'sales', 'data', 'campaigns']"
"This is especially the case if you're selling something that's around $5k - $6k—and your average customer clicks on the ad, and ends up purchasing the product three weeks later. It’s just too difficult to make this work with pixel tracking!","['pixel', 'ad', 'tracking', 'clicks', 'purchasing']"
"Now, there are also GCLIDs which are Google Click IDs.","['gclids', 'ids', 'google', 'click']"
"These are more accurate than pixel tracking because you actually a unique parameter is generated when somebody clicks on a Google ad, which then stores it in the CRM once your audience clicks through. Problem is: it only works for Google properties—which meant that every traffic that were generated from Facebook, organic, and other sources are excluded.","['pixel', 'tracking', 'ad', 'clicks', 'facebook']"
Imagine how this would be like when if you're running five or six channels of traffic? You'd most likely 'lose it' trying to figure out which one is bringing in the first click and which one is closing on the last click. ,"['click', 'channels', 'traffic', 'closing', 'trying']"
"This information is really important to know because you wouldn't want to turn off a high-performing traffic source, especially if you're just looking at last-click data! Let's break it down:","['traffic', 'data', 'click', 'information', 'source']"
"As you know, the 'first click' is when they click for the first time, and the 'last click' is when they click the final time to complete a purchase. OF course, some platforms are going to get people interested, while others are really good at retargeting. Having the ability to tell which click is from where matters because one source may be bringing in cold traffic and another traffic source is converting it into sales.","['click', 'retargeting', 'sales', 'purchase', 'traffic']"
Makes sense?,"['sense', 'makes']"
"Now, there are other multichannel tracking tools like wicked reports—but for businesses in the mid 6 to 8-figure mark, there isn't really a great solution. ","['multichannel', 'tracking', 'reports', 'businesses', 'tools']"
This is where Hyros comes in (to save the day). They're very good at getting new updates up too!,"['hyros', 'updates', 'new', 'day', 'save']"
"Hyros works by using a watcher script. This is essentially a piece of code that's put all over your website and it integrates with payment processors, landing page tools, email marketing tools, and all kinds of tools that you have. ","['hyros', 'script', 'website', 'page', 'code']"
"So instead of collecting just one or two points of data, Hyros collects a lot of information like the customer’s IP address, cookie information, browser info, device info, email, and even their phone number from their payment processor. It also collects the sales made and devices customers have been on. ","['hyros', 'data', 'information', 'customers', 'devices']"
Hyros integrates with all these tools and it collects as many pieces of data as possible versus something like the Facebook pixel which collects far less information and also isn’t integrated with all of the tools. You're essentially getting far more information and it also uses server-side tracking.,"['hyros', 'tracking', 'facebook', 'pixel', 'tools']"
"So instead of something like the Facebook pixel, which follows the customer around the web, the Hyros code is loaded on your website for accurate tracking. Plus all of this information can be mapped to one customer, which means Hyros creates a customer profile that has a lot of pieces of data so it can match that data. Even if a customer logs on with a different email address, Hyros will know this is the same customer.","['hyros', 'tracking', 'facebook', 'profile', 'pixel']"
"More data points mean more accurate tracking. Hyros can also push back conversion data into the ad platform, which allows you to train the ad platforms AI. Google and Facebook allow you to import back data, and Hyros does that automatically. So that's a big plus. ","['hyros', 'tracking', 'data', 'facebook', 'ad']"
"One of the biggest advantages of using Hyros is that it's specifically built for internet marketers. And it plugs right into webinar funnels, sales call funnels and all kinds of funnels. It’s built around making sure it works well with those funnels. ","['hyros', 'advantages', 'webinar', 'funnels', 'marketers']"
"You can get information like sales data from a sales call funnel, even if it's done over the phone. So if a customer comes in, opts in, and you close them over the phone… ","['sales', 'customer', 'data', 'phone', 'information']"
"Hyros is still able to track that. And even if the customer does a bank transfer, you can create that sale inside Hyros. Your salesperson can go in and add that sale, or you can use a spreadsheet and upload that information to Hyros. As long as you have the customer data, Hyros will match it back to the initial click on the ad platform.","['hyros', 'ad', 'salesperson', 'sale', 'customer']"
"This is very important because if you're using the Google ads pixel or the Facebook ads pixel, you're not able to usually get that data back into the system. ","['ads', 'pixel', 'facebook', 'data', 'important']"
"‍So if you're able to see that a certain campaign generated three $5,000 sales, even if the metrics on the front end like the cost per lead and cost per call look worse… so you’ll know to keep it running because it’s more profitable than your other campaigns. ","['campaigns', 'campaign', 'sales', 'profitable', 'cost']"
"With Hyros, you’re optimizing based on actual sales data, versus relying on the Google Pixel or Facebook pixel where it’s really hard to get that sales data back, especially because a lot of these sales call funnels have a longer sales cycle. ","['hyros', 'sales', 'pixel', 'optimizing', 'data']"
"You really need a system like Hyros that plugs into every single possible data point, to be able to figure out which click led to which purchase along with all the touch points along the way. This basically allows us to optimize high-ticket funnels with much more accuracy. ","['ticket', 'click', 'led', 'optimize', 'funnels']"
‍You can also see first-click and last-click data.,"['click', 'data']"
"Hyros allows you to run reports for first-click vs last-click which is useful for seeing which traffic sources are working on a cold traffic basis, and which ones are working for retargeting. It also allows you to compare Facebook and Google on an equal basis. ","['hyros', 'reports', 'useful', 'facebook', 'traffic']"
"‍Each platform has its own attribution system, so a lot of times they take more credit or they take less credit than they actually produce. Because of that, you can't do platform comparisons accurately. However, with Hyros you can do that, and you can see that YouTube actually performs better than Facebook for high-ticket funnels a lot of the time. ","['platform', 'comparisons', 'facebook', 'youtube', 'hyros']"
"‍Now, another great benefit of using Hyros, is that it works super well to help us prove our results to clients we work with. We can go to them and prove that the amazing results we’re getting for them, are accurate thanks to Hyros. So it really helps us with our client relationships.","['hyros', 'benefit', 'results', 'clients', 'helps']"
"‍One question we often get is how iOS-related tracking issues affect Hyros. Facebook has seen a drastic decrease in accurate conversion data ever since iOS 14 was released in September 2020. You see, Facebook tracks mobile app users of the Facebook app. That obviously affects the conversion tracking as well. ","['facebook', 'ios', 'hyros', 'tracking', 'conversion']"
"‍However, Hyros has had very little change in its accuracy. iOS tracking issues affect server-side tracking, which is a piece of code loading on your website, versus client-side tracking which is the Facebook pixel - basically a cookie on the user side.","['tracking', 'hyros', 'ios', 'facebook', 'accuracy']"
"iOS tracking issues have affected server-side tracking far less than client-side tracking. iOS 14 and newer releases are specifically going after client-side tracking. Basically putting a pixel on that user and tracking them throughout the web. Because of that, Hyros is actually less affected and Hyros tracking is still very accurate. ","['tracking', 'ios', 'hyros', 'pixel', 'issues']"
"Now, the other thing with this is that Hyros has significantly more data points as well. Hyros is taking in all these data points that no one else does, and integrating them into all of your systems. This means Hyros is able to track users even if one or two things change, like their browser or email address - Hyros still recognizes that user. ","['hyros', 'users', 'user', 'data', 'systems']"
"If you’re relying on the Facebook pixel for conversions, you're basically going to lose out on a lot of data and the Facebook algorithm is going to do a lot worse because there's less quality data being fed into it. ","['pixel', 'facebook', 'conversions', 'worse', 'quality']"
"On the other hand, if you're using a tool like Hyros, which has lost very little tracking and you’re pushing conversion data back to Facebook, you're likely to do much better and your conversion data won’t be affected as much.","['facebook', 'conversion', 'tracking', 'hyros', 'data']"
"Based on what we've seen, Google Ads tracking has been affected less than Facebook ads tracking. But in our opinion, Hyros is still a better option for long-term tracking, especially if you have multiple channels. Because eventually, they're going to go after Google and YouTube as well. ","['tracking', 'ads', 'hyros', 'facebook', 'youtube']"
"Now let's talk about Hyros versus Google Click IDs. Google Click IDs are a little parameter that gets added to the end of the click when somebody clicks on a Google or YouTube ad, and then it gets stored in your CRM. So you can push it back into Google to get more accurate data. ","['clicks', 'google', 'click', 'hyros', 'crm']"
"Google Click IDs are very accurate. However, they only work for Google data. They don't work with Facebook or other systems. So you really have no idea how your YouTube ads are interacting with your Facebook ads. You won’t even know what's bringing in more first clicks or last clicks. It’s really just a black box system just for Google. ","['clicks', 'ads', 'click', 'facebook', 'youtube']"
"Hyros is really great when you have multiple traffic sources because that means you can compare them head to head using the same parameters, versus an apples and oranges comparison.","['hyros', 'traffic', 'multiple', 'head', 'comparison']"
"The first click on Hyros is the same for Google or Facebook. On the other hand, if you're looking at Facebook ads data or Google Ads data, they have different attribution systems, different ways they calculate it, and different losses of data. So it's really apples versus oranges if you're only comparing platform data instead of Hyros data, which is a lot more accurate.","['hyros', 'facebook', 'data', 'ads', 'comparing']"
What about Hyros versus Wicked reports? Because wicked reports is a very popular alternative. ,"['reports', 'hyros', 'wicked', 'alternative', 'popular']"
"The truth is, there's much better support for Hyros. As an agency, we've worked with many Wicked reports and Hyros accounts. With Hyros, the customer service team is far more knowledgeable, helpful, and proactive. They actually reach out to you they see an issue, and they’re also much better and faster at implementing new updates. ","['hyros', 'updates', 'reports', 'support', 'agency']"
"Hyros as a product is moving far faster than Wicked reports. They have a better support team than Wicked reports and they also have a far faster product development cycle, which makes Hyros a better fit in our opinion. ","['hyros', 'wicked', 'reports', 'faster', 'better']"
"One thing that Hyros does, is it allows you to see the actual Hyros data inside Google Ads Manager and Facebook ads manager. This means you can use the Hyros Chrome extension to add little columns that shows the data from Hyros inside the ad platform. So you can optimize based on that data, which is very helpful. ","['hyros', 'ads', 'facebook', 'ad', 'chrome']"
"Based on using both Hyros and Wicked reports, Hyros is better—in our opinion. ","['hyros', 'wicked', 'reports', 'opinion', 'based']"
"Here's who we suggest should get Hyros. First of all, if you're spending $15,000 to $20,000 a month on ads, that's definitely a reason to get it. ","['hyros', 'ads', 'suggest', 'definitely', '000']"
"Number two if you have more than two or three traffic sources, then you should get it. And those two factors are the main ones - If you're spending a decent sum of money and if you have multiple traffic platforms.","['traffic', 'multiple', 'spending', 'money', 'factors']"
"However, if you're simply using one traffic platform, which is Facebook ads or Google ads, you don't need it as much, especially if you're using Google ads. Google Click IDs works super well if you have just one traffic platform. ","['ads', 'ids', 'facebook', 'traffic', 'click']"
"However, once you start using both Google and Facebook ads, it's a good idea to use both, because then you can see how both of these ad platforms interact with each other to work together and get you those results. ","['facebook', 'ads', 'ad', 'use', 'google']"
"Hyros is a great solution for iOS-related tracking issues that affect businesses using both Facebook ads and Google ads. In fact, we ensure our agency clients use Hyros so we can generate the best results possible, for them. ","['hyros', 'facebook', 'ads', 'tracking', 'ios']"
Jump on a free strategy call to schedule a consultation with our expert team and discover how Hyros can transform your business.,"['hyros', 'strategy', 'consultation', 'schedule', 'business']"
Let's work together to unlock your full potential and achieve your goals.,"['achieve', 'work', 'goals', 'potential', 'let']"
"At 28, Alex Becker has managed to build a company with annual revenue of roughly $4 million and grow his own personal net worth to seven digits, and he’s on a mission to help fellow entrepreneurs out, too.","['entrepreneurs', 'revenue', 'company']"
"In his new book “The 10 Pillars of Wealth,” the tech entrepreneur and multimillionaire shares his experiences and those of fellow millionaires to create a road map for building wealth as an entrepreneur.","['entrepreneur', 'multimillionaire', 'wealth', 'millionaires', 'pillars']"
"After he left the Air Force in his early 20s, Becker launched and scaled Source Wave, an SEO software company that currently generates annual revenue of roughly $4 million. The company took off, enabling him to grow his net worth to more than $1 million by age 24. Becker is also CEO of software company Market Hero.","['ceo', 'revenue', 'company', 'seo']"
Here are seven key things Becker says wealthy entrepreneurs do differently:,"['entrepreneurs', 'wealthy', 'differently', 'says']"
"You may have the same number of hours in a day as billionaire investor Warren Buffett does, but Becker says wealthy people don’t let time limit their earning potential.","['wealthy', 'hours', 'billionaire', 'earning', 'buffett']"
"Instead, they find ways to generate money passively, such as setting up online businesses that run even while their owners are off the clock.","['businesses', 'money', 'owners', 'passively', 'clock']"
President Harry Truman was well known for a sign on his desk that read “the buck stops here.” The same is true for entrepreneurs.,"['entrepreneurs', 'truman', 'buck', 'sign', 'president']"
"‍“If you want to be an entrepreneur, you have to be able to blame yourself for everything,” Becker said.","['entrepreneur', 'blame', 'said', 'able']"
‍The key is stopping problems before they arise rather than blaming others for creating problems.,"['blaming', 'problems', 'stopping', 'creating', 'arise']"
‍People often focus too much on planning for mistakes that never happen.,"['mistakes', 'planning', 'focus', 'happen', 'people']"
"‍“Mess up as fast as possible so you can learn from it as fast as possible,” Becker said.","['fast', 'learn', 'mess', 'said']"
"It might seem obvious, but while getting a company off the ground, entrepreneurs need to focus on generating sales and profits.","['entrepreneurs', 'profits', 'sales', 'company', 'obvious']"
"“Don’t invest your time on anything that does not make money,” Becker said.","['invest', 'time', 'money', 'don']"
"‍Go into a deal or sales pitch believing that customers and clients have unlimited money to pay you. By doing this, entrepreneurs won’t become paralyzed by the potential to fail, Becker said.","['entrepreneurs', 'customers', 'clients', 'sales', 'unlimited']"
"Instead, they’ll be more likely to be confident and natural.","['confident', 'natural', 'likely', 'instead', 'll']"
"The millionaires Becker studied aren’t afraid to fail and take risks. In general, they try to move forward with an idea as quickly as possible, even if it’s not perfect.","['millionaires', 'risks', 'fail', 'idea']"
They also tend to look around the corner to see where the world is going to spot potential opportunities.,"['opportunities', 'corner', 'potential', 'world', 'spot']"
"“If something is hard or scary, then they’re going to go after it 10 times harder instead of staying in their comfort zone,” he said.","['comfort', 'harder', 'hard', 'zone', 'scary']"
