1)	Similar toAkane Tendo, in the manga she is far more tolerable since she hits Naruto much less and later genuinely warms up towards him.
2)	Most of her flaws are a result of her gettingflanderizedin the anime, particularly the earlier ones.
3)	Her designs are still great.
4)	Chie Nakamura and Kate Higgins did fine jobs voicing her.
5)	In some Naruto episodes, she was likable, especially in Gotta See, Gotta Know, Kakashi's True Face, where she helped Naruto and Sasuke help unmask Kakashi.
6)	In the original Naruto movies, she did become more useful and fought rather well, especially inLegend of the Stone of Gelel, where she found the villain Fugai's weakness (loud noises), and creatively used a wind chime-like object to make Fugai's howls louder, and caused the object to collapse on top of Fugai, defeating her
7)	After being lectured by Sasuke, she does start treating Naruto better, and she gives him some advice on how to increase his chakra control and tree climbing during the Land of Waves arc.
8)	During the written test of the Chunin Exam, Sakura tries to forfeit her position in the Chunin Exams to make sure that Naruto can continue and work towards becoming the Hokage.
9)	After seeing how much she relied on Naruto and Sasuke, she tries to do her best to catch up to them so that she wouldn't be a burden to them.
10)	She still acknowledges Naruto's skills and even calls Sasuke out for acting like a coward when Naruto was fighting Orochimaru all by himself in the Chunin Exams.
11)	Rarely, Sakura hitting Naruto is justified and even warranted.
12)	When Naruto saw Lee and mocked his bushy eyebrows in the Forest of Death after he was healed, she almost immediately pummeled Naruto and told him not to say anything bad about Lee.
13)	Especially after he went out of his way to save her and was nearly killed by the Sound ninja, that punch was well-earned.
14)	After Lee saves Sakura, she starts treating him nicely.
15)	She thanks him for saving her from the Sound Ninja and inspiring her to be stronger.
16)	She then starts visiting him in the hospital every day after his battle with Gaara and even leaves him some nice flowers meant for Sasuke.
17)	After her fight with Ino, both of them started acting more friendly to each other (though they can still bicker at times), with Ino even feeling bad for her after Sakura told her what happened to Lee, and Ino came along with her to check on Lee.
18)	During the start of the Chunin Exams arc, she became more friendly with Naruto, one example is her cheering him during his fight with Kiba and later Neji, and she even managed to protect Naruto and save his life several times, such as her helping Chiyo free Naruto from the genjutsu the Itachi clone used on him, and when the war was over, she healed Naruto and Sasuke after their brutal final battle.
19)	Unlike Naruto and Sasuke, who were the reincarnations of Indra and Ashura and who were practically destined to be the most powerful ninjas, Sakura is the only one of the trio who managed to get so strong through sheer effort and determination alone and became one of the strongest ninjas in the village.
20)	She saved Kankuro's life when he was lethally poisoned by Sasori.
21)	Hell, she managed to get the poison out of his body, something that even Chiyo, a poison expert and medical ninja on the same level as Tsunade, couldn't do.
22)	Her fight with Sasori was AWESOME: even if she did have assistance from Chiyo, she still managed to fend off Sasori's entire puppet army.
23)	She's the first member of Team 7 to have defeated a member of the Akatsuki.
24)	Unlike Naruto, when Sai joins Team 7, Sakura is more friendly towards their new member, attempting to talk to him and get him to open up, even after he insulted Sasuke.
25)	During Naruto's training to master the Rasenshuriken, when Sai tricks Sakura by saying that Naruto has no chance to master the Jutsu and calling him a failure, Sakura fiercely defends Naruto.
26)	She talks about how much Naruto has overcome, the countless times Naruto has saved the village, even threatening to pummel Sai if he said anything else demeaning Naruto.
27)	Though she didn't participate when the Pains attacked the village, it was because she was leading all of the medical ninjas in treating the wounded citizens.
28)	After Sasuke almost killed Karin, she managed to save Karin's life by healing her.
29)	During the war, she manages to stop White Zetsu like a badass and helps stop the other White Zetsu clones from killing more shinobi.
30)	One of the most notable moments was when she defeated a White Zetsu clone who was impersonating Neji.
31)	Her release of the Strength of a Hundred Seal during the war was pretty cool, and she helps heal several of the shinobi during the war, which earns her praise from Tsunade, who pats Sakura on the head and congratulates her for her splendid work.
32)	Also during the war, she gave Obito enough chakra so he could protect Sasuke.
33)	Even after everything that Sasuke put her through, she never stopped believing in him and was one of the people who helped redeem him.
34)	It is pretty satisfying to finally see Sakura call Sasuke an idiot after everything he did.
35)	She is a great friend to Hinata, encouraging her to confess her feelings toward Naruto and giving her emotional support when she doubts herself.
36)	She helps Naruto overcome his depression from Hinata rejecting him, which was one of the lowest points of his life, by telling him that Hinata just lied to protect him and she still loved him.
37)	Because of that, Naruto managed to return to his regular self.
38)	She puts up with Sasuke leaving for years on end and forcing her to raise their daughter alone.
39)	She did improve her character a bit later on during the original series, but later improved even more inShippuden(though she does have some flaws).
40)	She had massively redeemed herself inThe Last: Naruto the Movie, where she managed to break Naruto, Shikamaru, Sai, and Hinata out of genjutsu, managed to find out where Toneri's hideout was, cared about Naruto's hurt feelings and defeated a bunch of Toneri's evil dolls.
41)	InBoruto: Naruto Next Generations, she was redeemed and she is now a much better character than before, and practically all of the negative traits she used to have in the original series andShippudenare gone.
42)	Despite what BQ #16 says, she did thank Naruto and hugged him after he returned from defeating Pain.
43)	The main and most glaringly obvious problem with Sakura is that she treats Naruto very harshly and often hits him, even more so in the filler episodes to the point where it appears that the writers were very obsessed with the 'gag', or this case,in lovewith it.
44)	While the hitting was supposed to be a comic relief, there are times when Sakura takes it too far and slaps Naruto for no apparent reason or because of trivial misunderstandings, not to mention it also gets very annoying and old very fast.
45)	In her introduction, she is very selfish and inconsiderate towards others.
46)	She constantly puts down Naruto, and in one of her most infamous scenes, she mocks Naruto for not having any parents and how lucky it must be for him in front of Sasuke, whose parents were also killed when he was young.
47)	This earns her a well-deserved scolding from him, who calls her annoying.
48)	During her childhood, she was very insecure about her looks and had trouble making friends.
49)	Then, Ino came along to defend her from other bullies and became one of Sakura's only friends, helping Sakura gain confidence in herself.
50)	Then, when Sakura gained a crush on Sasuke and learned Ino had a crush on him too, she responded by completely breaking off their friendship just so she could get Sasuke, turning their friendship into a much more bitter rivalry.
51)	She even gave back the ribbon Ino had once given Sakura as a token of their friendship.As if that wasn't enough, Sakura never actually thanked Ino for supporting her when no one else did, nor did she ever apologize for breaking off their friendship.
52)	As if that wasn't enough, Sakura never actually thanked Ino for supporting her when no one else did, nor did she ever apologize for breaking off their friendship.
53)	Despite being one of the main characters she barely contributes anything to the overall story.
54)	She is somewhat of amean girl stereotype.As well for that, Sakura's role is supposed to be portrayed as a tsundere like Nami from One Piece and Maka from Soul Eater.
55)	Aside from that, she isn't shown blushing when she gets angry, she only blushes when she constantly falls in love with Sasuke, making her look like a mean girl rather than tsundere.
56)	As well for that, Sakura's role is supposed to be portrayed as a tsundere like Nami from One Piece and Maka from Soul Eater.
57)	Similar toDon Bluth's version of Thumbelina, she is an immature crybaby who is far too quick to cry.
58)	While some of those moments are understandable, it can be pretty annoying to see her break down so easily after a while, especially when most of the time she cries about Sasuke.
59)	She contributes practically nothing during the Land of Waves arc besides showing her superior chakra control by climbing up a tree, hence making her a filler character in the arc for the most part.
60)	During the start of the Chunin Exams, she almost got Konohamaru killed because Sakura got very angry at Naruto, Konohamaru, and his friends.
61)	She chased them and Konohamaru accidentally bumped into Kankuro, who got very angry at him and almost killed Konohamaru using his puppet Crow.
62)	Thankfully, Sasuke and Gaara saved Konohamaru and calmed Kankuro down.
63)	Keep in mind that Konohamaru was only a small child at the time.Even more infuriatingly, when Naruto attempted to save Konohamaru from Kankuro, Sakura stopped him to avoid angering Kankuro even more, which shows how cowardly she is, if Sasuke and Gaara hadn't shown up, Konohamaru would've gotten hurt because of her.
64)	Even more infuriatingly, when Naruto attempted to save Konohamaru from Kankuro, Sakura stopped him to avoid angering Kankuro even more, which shows how cowardly she is, if Sasuke and Gaara hadn't shown up, Konohamaru would've gotten hurt because of her.
65)	During the Chunin Exams written test, she laughs at the thought of Naruto failing the test before being told that they are being graded as a team and will all fail if one teammate fails, making her suddenly care about Naruto passing the test because it's her problem now, which shows how mean-spirited she can be.
66)	In the Forest of Death, she has her big moment of protecting Naruto and Sasuke from the Sound Ninja Genin Trio, but she's barely able to put up a fight, with the most she does is cut off her hair.
67)	She's then forced to be saved by Rock Lee, Ino, Shikamaru, Choji, Neji, Tenten, and even Sasuke, the guy whom she was supposed to be protecting.
68)	"Her fight with Ino in the Chunin Exam is widely considered to be one of the worst and most boring fights in the exam and the series overall, where Ino should've won but only tied with Sakura because of ""Inner Sakura"" plot armor-breaking free of Ino's mind control."
69)	After the Konoha Crush and Naruto's incredible battle with Gaara, assuming that Sasuke saved her from Gaara, she decides to thank him.
70)	When Sasuke tells her it was Naruto who saved her, she at first doesn't believe Naruto could be strong enough to singlehandedly fight Gaara, but Sasuke tells her how crazy the battle was and how hard Naruto fought to defend Sakura.
71)	Then, she doesn't even take the time to thank Naruto, even though she thanks Sasuke.
72)	She's a hypocrite.She says Naruto only superficially loves her because of his rivalry with Sasuke and sees gaining her affection as part of that competition, even though Sakura only became attracted to Sasuke because he was the most popular boy in class and also treated winning him over as a rivalry with Ino.
73)	Thus, while her words did help Naruto realize Hinata still loved him, it felt slightly condescending and inconsiderate to just brush off Naruto's feelings for her as part of a competition with Sasuke instead of realizing those feelings were genuine.Even though she says she'll become nicer to Naruto, she spends the majority of the Land of Waves arc constantly hitting him or putting him down for being useless, even when she contributed practically nothing during the mission, while Naruto did much more than be useless, such as putting a kunai into his hand to stop the poison and almost defeating Haku and even teaming up with Sasuke to fight Zabuza.When she meets Rock Lee and he asks her out, she immediately rejects him because of his bushy eyebrows and bizarre appearance.
74)	One would expect Sakura to be more open and accepting of people with different appearances, considering she was bullied throughout her childhood because she had a large forehead.She gets annoyed and angry at Naruto for cheering for her during her fight with Ino, but she cheered for Naruto earlier in the same manner when he is initially close to defeating Kiba.
75)	So, it's okay for her to cheer for Naruto, but she gets annoyed when Naruto does the same thing.She hits Naruto for being a pervert and constantly using his Sexy Jutsu but fawns over Konohamaru's Boy-on-Boy Jutsu.
76)	She says Naruto only superficially loves her because of his rivalry with Sasuke and sees gaining her affection as part of that competition, even though Sakura only became attracted to Sasuke because he was the most popular boy in class and also treated winning him over as a rivalry with Ino.
77)	Thus, while her words did help Naruto realize Hinata still loved him, it felt slightly condescending and inconsiderate to just brush off Naruto's feelings for her as part of a competition with Sasuke instead of realizing those feelings were genuine.
78)	Even though she says she'll become nicer to Naruto, she spends the majority of the Land of Waves arc constantly hitting him or putting him down for being useless, even when she contributed practically nothing during the mission, while Naruto did much more than be useless, such as putting a kunai into his hand to stop the poison and almost defeating Haku and even teaming up with Sasuke to fight Zabuza.
79)	When she meets Rock Lee and he asks her out, she immediately rejects him because of his bushy eyebrows and bizarre appearance.
80)	One would expect Sakura to be more open and accepting of people with different appearances, considering she was bullied throughout her childhood because she had a large forehead.
81)	She gets annoyed and angry at Naruto for cheering for her during her fight with Ino, but she cheered for Naruto earlier in the same manner when he is initially close to defeating Kiba.
82)	So, it's okay for her to cheer for Naruto, but she gets annoyed when Naruto does the same thing.
83)	She hits Naruto for being a pervert and constantly using his Sexy Jutsu but fawns over Konohamaru's Boy-on-Boy Jutsu.
84)	Just before Sasuke leaves the village, Sakura cries while begging Sasuke to stay with her.
85)	While it isn't bad that she wants Sasuke to stay in the village and the scene is a very touching display of her love, what makes it rather shocking is when she says she'd leave the village to go with Sasuke to help get his revenge.
86)	She's willing to abandon her parents, Naruto, Kakashi, Tsunade, Ino, Lee, and her entire village just to go with a boy she knew for only a few months and who treated her like crap almost the entire time.
87)	After Sasuke leaves the village, Sakura begs Naruto to bring him back, putting the burden of this promise on Naruto's shoulders even though Sakura has done nothing but treat him coldly and ignore him.
88)	His inability to fulfill this promise weighs heavily on Naruto, even years after Sasuke left.
89)	She rarely thanks Naruto out loud and never apologizes for the way she treated him in the past.
90)	When they reunite in the village after more than two years, she can't even be bothered to eat dinner at Ichiraku with Naruto because he doesn't have the money to pay for the meal, even though Naruto wants to spend some time with her.
91)	During the Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission, she reverts to her Part 1 self: she easily gets knocked down when Kabuto rams into her.
92)	Even when Yamato tells Sakura to stay away from Naruto while he's in the Nine-Tails state, she thinks she can somehow snap him out of it and just gets herself injured.
93)	Then, when they finally reunite with Sasuke, she doesn't do anything and is just pushed back by Yamato.
94)	She contributes nothing substantial or does anything remarkable during this arc besides healing Naruto.
95)	She doesn't do anything to help or give Naruto emotional support when Jiraiya dies, even when she sees how devastated he is.
96)	She angrily scolds Naruto for being impatient when he tries to get Shizune to speed up her autopsy of one of Pain’s bodies, basically brushing off his feelings and not even considering that he is getting over the loss of his master or that he wants to avenge Jiraiya.
97)	In the movieNaruto: The Legend of the Stone of Gelel, when Naruto was dangling off a bridge, she says that she doesn't care if Naruto falls and dies, we know that Sakura doesn’t mean that, but still it very petty and harsh thing to say to her friend.
98)	In the movieNaruto Shippuden: The Will of Fire, during a get-well-soon party for Naruto and Sai,she slaps both of them, who were incredibly injured and were in poor condition.
99)	She could have injured them even more and possibly could have killed them, even though they were still healing.Later on in the same movie, when she goes to free Naruto in a prison cell to prevent him from coming after a mind-controlled Kakashi, she gets mad at him for not telling her about Kakashi and tries going after him all by himself, she punches Naruto through the prison cell, in Naruto's defense there wasn't any time to alert Sakura, (let alone anyone) when Kakashi being mind-controlled and was attacking Leaf Jonin, so her punching Naruto felt like forced humor which shows how obsessed the writers and animators at Pierrot were with the gag.
100)	Later on in the same movie, when she goes to free Naruto in a prison cell to prevent him from coming after a mind-controlled Kakashi, she gets mad at him for not telling her about Kakashi and tries going after him all by himself, she punches Naruto through the prison cell, in Naruto's defense there wasn't any time to alert Sakura, (let alone anyone) when Kakashi being mind-controlled and was attacking Leaf Jonin, so her punching Naruto felt like forced humor which shows how obsessed the writers and animators at Pierrot were with the gag.
101)	At the end of the movieNaruto Shippuden: The Lost Tower, she falsely accuses Naruto of having perverted dreams about Sara's daughter and she pinches his ear when Naruto faintly recognizes meeting her mother in the past.
102)	Still, there was no reason or evidence for Sakura to think that about Naruto.
103)	During Pain's assault, she does barely anything.
104)	While she did help heal several people, someone with her incredible power should've been on the front lines fighting against Pain's bodies.
105)	Even Konahamaru did more to fight against Pain than she did, and he was way weaker than she was.
106)	Then, when Pain destroys the village, she just cries out for Naruto to help them instead of trying to fight Pain herself.
107)	Sakura also doesn't do anything to help Naruto when he's overpowered by Pain.
108)	Sure, almost everyone else does the same thing, but Hinata decides to step in and fight against Pain knowing she can't win but just wanting to help Naruto.
109)	It's pretty hard not to compare the two in that situation.
110)	When Naruto's worried about Tsunade's condition, she tries to assure him Tsunade's going to be fine, then internally asks herself why she's trying to cheer him up when she's the one who's feeling down.
111)	Keep in mind, this was shortly after Naruto had singlehandedly saved the village, whose master had only died a few days before, and was still dealing with the trauma of his fight with Pain.
112)	How selfish can she be, not being able to just suck up her pain and be there to comfort Naruto, especially when he's done that for her so many times?
113)	"After she decides to kill Sasuke herself, she tries to get Naruto out of the picture by confessing her ""love"" for him."
114)	While it was done out of good intentions and so he wouldn't have to worry about the promise he made to her, she was still manipulating his emotions and trying to bank on his love for her to get him back to the Hidden Leaf Village.
115)	There was a better option than that.
116)	In the anime, after the confrontation with Sasuke at the Five Kage Summit, she wonders who she would save first if both Sasuke and Naruto were critically injured.
117)	She asks herself this question after Sasuke joins the Akatsuki, announces his intention to slaughter everyone in the Leaf Village, and tries to kill her.
118)	To even think she wouldn't consider saving the one who always stood by her side and saved her life countless times is infuriating.
119)	In the Road to Ninja movie, she had a huge fight with her parents and she even said that she doesn't care about them.
120)	Then, in her most infamous scene, she complains about how terrible her parents are to Naruto, THE ORPHAN, which rightfully gets him pissed.
121)	Then, she gets mad at Naruto for not understanding her, saying that if Sasuke were here, he'd agree with her.
122)	While the movie isn't technically canon, it was still written by Kishimoto, and the fact that he found it in her character to say that just proves how selfish he believed her to be.
123)	At the end of the movie, while she does reconcile with her parents and hugs them in relief, one would expect her to show some sympathy towards Naruto and invite him into her house to spend time together after he asks to go on another date later since she learned the pain of living in an empty house and knew Naruto would have to experience that pain again.
124)	"Instead, she just annoyingly says that the ""date"" they went on was long enough, and while that scene may have intended to come off as a joke, it just seems more mean-spirited instead."
125)	In addition, she never apologizes to Naruto for her absolutely rude behavior towards him.
126)	She only pays attention to Naruto, treats him as an equal, or thanks him when Sasuke isn't with them.
127)	For instance, during the war, when Naruto and Sasuke save her from the smaller Ten-Tails monsters, she only thanks Sasuke.
128)	This rightfully irritates Naruto, who reminds Sakura that he was there too.
129)	Then, when Naruto saves Sakura from Madara, instead of thanking Naruto for saving her, the only thing she thinks about is that Sasuke doesn't seem to care, even though they are in the middle of a war to save the world.
130)	All of her powers are just a copy-paste of Tsunade.
131)	Though Naruto and Sasuke take some techniques from their respective teachers, such as the Rasengan and Toad Summoning for Naruto, then the Curse Mark Seal and Snake Summoning for Sasuke, both of them improve on that jutsus, create their jutsus, and get new transformations as the series progresses.
132)	The only new abilities that Sakura gets while training under Tsunade are Healing, the Strength of A Hundred Seal, Super Strength, and Slug Summoning, but she doesn't try to use her strengths and apply them to other areas, such as learning Genjutsu with her advanced Chakra Control.
133)	Not only that but by the time she shows her Strength of a Hundred Seal during the war, it's quickly outshined by several new transformations and power-ups that other characters receive.Furthermore, Naruto and Sasuke's development toward improving their skills and their new transformations were shown extensively and treated as plot points.
134)	Naruto's training toward developing the Rasengan and Sage Mode was given several episodes and served as critical moments after the techniques were mastered, like when he defeated Kabuto with the Rasengan and used Sage Mode to fight Pain.
135)	Sasuke's development of his Curse Mark and Sharingan was a part of his character progression, as he initially struggled to control the Curse Mark due to resisting its influence, while he also trained to improve his Sharingan.
136)	But after accepting Orochimaru's offer, he eventually learned how to use the Curse Mark while fighting Naruto and severing his bond with Naruto is what allowed Sasuke's Sharingan to fully develop.
137)	The only moment where Sakura's training was shown and treated as a significant sign of progress was when she learned how to heal a fish...
138)	Furthermore, Naruto and Sasuke's development toward improving their skills and their new transformations were shown extensively and treated as plot points.
139)	She acts extremely reckless in her desire to prove herself and not rely on others, and it always backfires.
140)	She tries to kill Sasuke herself and even knocks out Kiba, Sai, and Lee to do it, but ends up having to be saved by Kakashi and Naruto because she can't go through with it.
141)	Then, during the fight with Madara, she charges Madara to distract him without telling Naruto or Sasuke and to feel important, forcing herself to be saved again.She leaves Kiba, Sai, and Lee completely defenseless in enemy territory.
142)	Sakura almost entirely forgot about them, and Kakashi had to remind Sakura that she knocked them out.
143)	Then, when they return to find the three of them still asleep, Naruto decides to lie down with them.
144)	Sakura angrily asks why Naruto's sleeping too, and Karin has to remind her that Sakura's the one who cut him with the poisoned kunai that made him drowsy in the first place.
145)	She leaves Kiba, Sai, and Lee completely defenseless in enemy territory.
146)	"During the war, when the Fourth Hokage, Minato Namikaze, appeared on the battlefield after being reincarnated, she asked him who he was despite him having ""Fourth Hokage"" (四代目火影) written in large red Kanji letters on the back of his cape (that are extremely hard to miss) and the fact that his face is carved onto the mountainside of the Hidden Leaf Village (again, extremely hard to miss)."
147)	This proves that she isn't smart, as she doesn't know who the LITERAL FOURTH HOKAGE IS.Also, to top it off, when Naruto responded to Minato's joke about her being Naruto's girlfriend, Sakura took his response way too seriously and almost injured NarutoWHILE SHE WAS HEALING HIM.
148)	Also, to top it off, when Naruto responded to Minato's joke about her being Naruto's girlfriend, Sakura took his response way too seriously and almost injured NarutoWHILE SHE WAS HEALING HIM.
149)	During the war, she hesitates in destroying Obito's Rinnegan, giving Madara enough time to retrieve it and activate the Infinite Tsukuyomi.
150)	Another of her points of contention is her obsession with Sasuke, even though he never treated her with deep respect and the two were only on Team 7 for a few months.
151)	Whenever he is around, practically the only thing she ever thinks about is how to get Sasuke's attention or how he doesn't notice her.
152)	Then, she forgives him on the spot even after he abandoned her, always belittled her, tried to kill her twice, and put her in a genjutsu after she spilled her heart out to him again.
153)	She never even considered other options like Naruto and Lee, who always treated her respectfully, saved her life several times, and constantly went out of their way for her.
154)	In the last episode of theIno Hiden: A Wonderful Fate, before redeeming herself, Sakura trying to beating Naruto one last time after they discusses Sasuke, the ruin of Team 7 and also Naruto's relationship with Ino, however, thankfully, Ino fiercily defends Naruto, and scolds Sakura that Naruto has always been the best of everyone since the first time, if Ino would then accept as her true love.
155)	Overall, she has very little character development and has no real agency or goals outside of being with Sasuke.
156)	She constantly tries and fails to be stronger and catch up to Naruto and Sasuke in Part 1.
157)	Just when it looks as though she's going to show promise after defeating Sasori, her character instantly regresses, and she goes back to being saved by Naruto, crying, and relying on Naruto to fix everything, just like in Part 1.
158)	Furthermore, after Sasuke declares his intent to kill the Five Kage, she ends up doing nothing but crying and begging Sasuke not to leave, which is the same thing she did before Sasuke left the village.
159)	SAKURA HERSELF admits how pitiful and useless she is at that moment.
160)	Sakura's motivation to get stronger.
161)	As Part I progresses, Sakura becomes increasingly exposed to the realities of the shinobi world, difficulties for which she cannot rely upon Inner Sakura to cope with alone.
162)	When she was an Academy student, Sakura succeeded through studying alone to the point of pride.
163)	As ashinobi, however, this is proven insufficient as missions cannot be truly completed merely with book smarts, and it is necessary to be able to fight so that other shinobi will not kill her or her teammates.
164)	The latter makes Sakura particularly disappointed in herself, as she is unable to contribute much in battle and must rely on Naruto and Sasuke to save her.
165)	She sets out to change this about herself, dedicating nearly three years of training to making herself as capable as Naruto and Sasuke; in the meantime, she becomes willing to sacrifice herself to protect them, coming to value them both very deeply.[12]She looks to Naruto as a model for this goal, inspired by his rapid growth and his determination to be there for her and all those he held dear.
166)	When Sakura realises that she is as rude to Naruto as Sasuke usually is to her at his urging, she starts treating him better, cheering for his accomplishments, and confiding her hopes and fears with him.
167)	Inner Sakura makes one appearance at the very start of Part II and then is never seen in the series again.[13]This is because Sakura is finally in touch with her feelings and is willing to express what she's thinking, a self-comfort she picked up during her training with Tsunade.
168)	However, this has also made her more emotional and impulsive at times.
169)	Her desire to catch up in strength with Naruto and Sasuke, her protectiveness of them, and her need to prove her worthiness as a ninja, brings forth this dark side of her more easily which often leads her to attack her opponents and get rescued by her teammates.[14]Minato, at one point, witnessing Sakura's outburst on Naruto when he asked if she was his girlfriend, noted that she reminded him of his ownwife.[15]However, Sakura no longer thinks poorly of Naruto, but nevertheless expresses her anger and displeasure with him whenever Naruto's immaturity and idiotic traits surface, often lashing out with violence, demonstrating a very obdurate and stiff-necked nature.
170)	Regardless, Sakura has deep respect and trust towards Naruto's skills as a ninja, angrily reprimanding and threateningSaiwhen he, although deliberately to test Sakura's faith in Naruto, deemed Naruto weak.
171)	Yet, she is ever-worrying for his safety and well-being to the point of easily feeling overwhelming guilt, and values him as one of her closest friends.
172)	Sai eventually points out that he believes Naruto knows Sakura too well for his own good, constantly placing himself in personal peril out of his feelings for her so that Sakura will be happy.
173)	Sakura is moved to tears by this, feeling unbearably guilty for what she feels she had put Naruto through.
174)	Despite her attempts to take responsibility for herself during the Summit by trying to deal with Sasuke herself, she still finds herself relying on him due to her shaky resolve, nearly costing Sakura her life.
175)	She ultimately settles for doing whatever she can for him, trying to do more in supporting him and his decisions concerning Sasuke, trying to do more to help him bear the challenges of being ajinchūrikiand fighting at his side whenever possible.
176)	She is helped in this goal by Tsunade's influence, who trained her to have a contempt for losing and an unbending will;[16]she will place herself at risk so that others don't need to and to assure her allies' victory.[17]
177)	Sakura's perverted side.
178)	Despite Sakura violently reprimanding not only Naruto, but occasionallyKonohamaru Sarutobifor their perverted tendencies, Sakura herself has a perverted side which she often keeps hidden.
179)	When Konohamaru showcased hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique, Sakura displayed her disgust at the technique, but Konohamaru quickly countered by quickly creating theSexy: Boy on Boy Techniqueto spite her, and instead of admonishing Konohamaru for it, Sakura was immediately drawn to the technique, responding with a pleasured screech upon seeing the technique, with the two cloned individuals resembling Sai and Sasuke.
180)	However, Sakura is embarassed of her own perverted nature, and upon realising her reaction was noticed byTeam 7, she quickly tried to make an excuse, but Konohamaru's suspicions that Sakura is just as much a pervert as he and Naruto are is all but confirmed.[18]
181)	Sakura has been in love with Sasuke since childhood and initially focuses on getting his attention above everything else.
182)	Her initial infatuation for him was rooted in his good looks, and calm, collecting attitude, and his rejections failed to deter her.
183)	Despite being grateful of her loving him after she confesses to stop him from defecting from Konoha, Sasuke rejects her but thanks her before leaving.[19]This rejection deeply upsets Sakura, driving her to plea for Naruto to bring Sasuke home and, when Naruto fails, motivating her to become stronger so that she can bring Sasuke back herself.[20]She tries to separate herself from her feelings when Sasuke becomes an international criminal, attempting to kill him to prevent a war,[21]but her love for him proved to be too great for her to harm him.[22]Even at the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Sakura holds out hope that she may mean something to him.[23]Despite Sasuke's crimes, Sakura was able to forgive him after he sincerely apologised to her for how much he hurt her.
184)	She was also surprised when he exhibited a much softer point with her and began poking her on the forehead, an affectionate gesture he picked up from hisbrother.[24]
185)	After marrying Sasuke, Sakura became very loyal to him and even refused to leave his side while she was pregnant with their daughter,Sarada.
186)	Sakura raises Sarada on her own due to Sasuke being away on his mission for many years, and she frequently reassures Sarada that Sasuke loves them both and will return home once his mission is over.
187)	She is also very patient and wise as her love and patience for Sasuke never faded even though Sarada was barely a toddler when he left.
188)	Although Sakura is very supportive of Sasuke's duties, she is disappointed when he teases her by refusing to show her affection.
189)	Likewise, even after years married, Sakura remains as smitten with Sasuke's good looks as ever.[25]As a mother, Sakura is loving and protective, and has a very close relationship with her daughter and will praise her for her achievements just as quickly as she admonishes her for wrongdoing.
190)	Sakura has fair skin, green eyes, and pink hair.
191)	"In her youth, she wore her hair as bangs in order to cover her large forehead and fend off her classmates' calling her ""Forehead Girl"" (デコリーン,Dekorīn,English TV:Billboard Brow)."
192)	Ino encouraged her not to do this and wear her hair back instead, so that others could see her face.
193)	Later in her Academy career she let her hair get longer because of rumours that Sasuke was attracted to girls with long hair.[10]During Part I, when she realises that long hair is a vulnerability in combat situations, she cuts her hair and keeps it under shoulder-length from that point onward, which she sometimes pins up in a ponytail while working.[26]As Sakura gets older, she is noted to become quite attractive, withJiraiyalikening her looks to Tsunade's own.
194)	In Part I, Sakura wears a redqipaodress — at various times either with or without short sleeves — with slits along the sides accompanied by a zipper and white circular designs.
195)	She also wears tight dark green bike shorts with a shuriken holster around her right thigh, blue sandals, and the standard Konohaforehead protectorworn as a hairband.
196)	Colour illustrations from the manga tend to depict her using nail polish and eye-shadow in Part I, both of which are not present in the anime.
197)	In Part II, Sakura's typical outfit consists of a red top with the same design as the upper-half of her Part I outfit.
198)	Accompanying this are black gloves, low-heel, knee-high boots, black shorts underneath a short grey apron skirt, and grey elbow protectors (her skirt and elbow protectors are pink in the anime).
199)	The cloth of her forehead protector is changed to red and she starts carrying a medical pouch.
200)	Sakura wears the standard Konoha infantryflak jacketand assorted clothing during theFourth Shinobi World War.
201)	She also gains theStrength of a Hundred Seal— in the shape of a violet rhombus — on her forehead, which remains visible thereafter.
202)	Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, Sakura wears a sleeveless red qipao dress that reaches her upper thighs, with white trimmings and a white circular design on the back similar to her Part I attire; it is tied with a black obi.
203)	She wears black shorts underneath the dress, black gloves, and pink elbow and knee protectors.
204)	She has also changed her previous boots to regular black, high heeled ninja sandals.
205)	In adulthood, Sakura's attire consists of a red sleeveless qipao top that exposes her navel, the back of which carries theUchiha clancrest and falls to her knees.
206)	She also wears light-coloured pants, high heels and a red headband.
207)	For battle, Sakura wears a red top similar to her Part II one, with the Uchiha clan crest on the back, elbow protectors and flatter sandals.
208)	At home, she often dons a long white apron and keeps her fingernails long and well-manicured.
209)	She also wears white bracelets on both her wrists.
210)	Sakura defeating dozens of Ten-Tails clones.
211)	As a genin, due to her focus on her studies, Sakura lacked any particular combat skill, other than the basic skills she learned in the Academy.
212)	This greatly limited her role in missions, to the point where she frequently noted how much she relied on her teammates, Sasuke and Naruto.
213)	"On one occasion, she is even stated by Shikamaru to be: ""A kunoichi with no particular talent""."
214)	Determined to change herself, she undergoes intense training withTsunadefor two-and-a-half years.
215)	From her display of skill in the earlier portions of Part II, others have remarked that Sakura would likely surpass Tsunade.[27][28]Upon completing theStrength of a Hundred Sealduring theFourth Shinobi World War, she's finally caught up to her team-mates at the time.[5]Two years later, she rises to the rank ofjōnin,[29]and was capable of single-handily defeatingKido Tsumikidespite theAnbubeing empowered by aTailed Beast Drug.[30]As an adult,Borutoremarked that she was a suitable replacement for Naruto asHokage.[31]
216)	While Sakura has rarely been seen usingtaijutsuin Part I, she was able to hold her own against Ino, one of the top students in her class.[32][33]After Tsunade's training, Sakura's taijutsu improved to the point that she could easily destroy a number of Sasori's puppets.[34]As an adult, she could go toe to toe with aMangekyō Sharinganwielding opponent likeShin Uchiha.[35]
217)	As seen in Part I, Sakura's most defining skill was her proficiency inchakracontrol.[36]Even as a genin, Sakura could greatly augment her speed by sending chakra to her feet, impressing both Naruto and Rock Lee.[37]Such exact use of her chakra allows her to perform ajutsuwith maximum efficiency without wasting much chakra.Kakashi Hatakeonce noted that her aptitude is well-suited forgenjutsu.
218)	While never actually seen using genjutsu, due to her affinity for it and her proficiency in chakra control, Kakashi taught her a method to deal with being caught in genjutsu that involves abruptly stopping the flow of chakra.[38]She's frequently been shown to quickly identify when genjutsu is being used,[39]and release herself or others from it.[40]By adulthood, genjutsu had little to no effect on her and she is able to break out of even some of the strongest ones with ease.[29]
219)	Training under Tsunade for over two years refined her already impressive chakra control, becoming a vital part to many of her abilities.
220)	"By rapidly building up chakra and concentrating it into her fists or other body parts, it grants her what is commonly referred to as""monstrousstrength"".[27][41]After completing theStrength of a Hundred Seal, her attacks become strong enough to destroy buildings or upend the earth, increasing with greater input of chakra.[42]She could even damageKaguyawith a single blow, breaking off one of her horns.[43]She can also use this increase in strength to lift great mass or free herself from formidable constraints.[44][45]These feats have led toHashiramapraising her raw power as being even greater than Tsunade's.[46]"
221)	Sakura can use the chakra built up in her hands to catch and repel incoming ninjutsu.[47]Likewise, after anticipating an attack, she can send chakra throughout her entire body to nullify the damage of normally lethal blows.[48]
222)	Sakura releasing her Strength of a Hundred Seal.
223)	Another goal of Tsunade's training was to increase Sakura's available chakra supply via completing theStrength of a Hundred Seal, which is something that took three years to accomplish.[46]In the anime, Tsunade explained that building up the seal substantially drains one of their chakra, making it dangerous to perform surgery or fight, but Sakura developed a way to divert a small portion of that built-up chakra back into her normal reserves.[49]When the seal isreleased, Sakura has access to all the accumulated chakra, and since she doesn't need to waste any of it onmaintaininga youthful appearance like Tsunade does,[46]she's able to perform techniques on a much greater scale than she's normally able to.[50]She can also transfer this chakra to others.[51]
224)	Sakura's unique mastery of chakra manipulation has improved enough to roughlymap outentire structures by channelling her chakra through inorganic materials.
225)	Doing so allows her to detect threats, traps, and hidden rooms.[52]
226)	Sakura and Katsuyu heal the tired and injured.
227)	By the Fourth Shinobi World War, Sakura could use theSummoning Technique, and like Tsunade, summon the giantslug,Katsuyu.
228)	Noted to be incredibly impressive by Shizune, Sakura could have Katsuyusplit apartand attach itself to others, Sakura could thenremotelymonitor many allies at once, healing and replenishing their chakra as needed.[53]Sakura could also useEarth,Water,Yin, andYang Release.[5]By adulthood, she acquiredFire Releaseas well.[54]Sakura has also become skilled in the use offūinjutsu.
229)	Upon contact, she can skilfully implant a cherry blossom-shaped seal on a target.
230)	On command, these seals releasered chakra threadsthat completely restrict body movement.[55]
231)	Sakura extracting poison.
232)	The major purpose of Tsunade's training was to teach Sakuramedical ninjutsu, which demanded Sakura's refined chakra control and intelligence.
233)	Tsunade remarks that her proficiency for healing is exceptionally rare.[56]As such, Sakura canhealeven the most fatal of injuries.[57]Even when heavily injured, Sakura demonstrated the ability to quickly heal herself to halt further blood loss, managing to do so with the weapon still lodged within her.[58][59]When dealing with an enemy with an extremely resistant body, she could combine her chakra-enhanced fists with her medical ninjutsu to heal the resulting damage from her strikes, eventually killing the affected cells from over-replication.[60]By releasing the Strength of a Hundred Seal, Sakura can put her body in astatein which itheals itselfso that she doesn't need to stop to treat herself or even be fazed by injury.[61]In the anime, she could perform ahighly difficult operationalone to regenerate a missing section of a person's body.[62]
234)	Sakura manually pumping Naruto's heart.
235)	If healing proves ineffective, Sakura can makeincisionsin her patients to try and directly treat her patients' vital organs.[63]She can also cure those who have been poisoned byextractingthe poison from their bodies, while simultaneously repairing the damage — something which even poison-experts likeChiyocannot do.
236)	To ensure a complete recovery, Sakura can create an effective antidote after analysing the poison's contents, even for poisons thatSasoridid not believe anyone but himself could make antidotes for.[64]After Kurama was removed from Naruto, during the war, Sakura was able to prevent Naruto's death by manually making his heart pump, as well as manually carrying out respiration via mouth to mouth resuscitation until they were able to reach Minato and eventually saved him.
237)	Two years after the war, she again saved Naruto from chakra deprivation, by pouring her own chakra into him and Kurama, which took her three days.
238)	Her medical expertise extends to more standard medicine as well, enabling her to perform autopsies and examine cells with a knowledge of genetics.[65]She was taught by Tsunade how to blend powerful fast-acting sleeping gas,[66]and was taught by Shizune on how to concoct poisons that, when coated on weapons, could debilitate or paralyse a person with a single scratch.[67]In the anime, Sakura even created her own version of Military Rations Pills, intended to have more medicinal purposes and be easier to consume.
239)	By the time ofBoruto: Naruto Next Generations, she had also learned the Healing Power Alteration Technique (癒力変生の術,Yuryoku Hensei no Jutsu), although it is unknown what this entails.[68]After Naruto became Hokage, Sakura's skill with medical ninjutsu had been recognised to the point he made her the head of the medical department.
240)	Sakura completes the Chūnin Exams' written test without the need of cheating.
241)	While she was at the Academy, Sakura always got perfect scores in all of her tests.[69]It is because of her diligence in her studies that Sakura initially struggled in combat situations, for this reason, she was added toTeam 7so that she could benefit from the more battle-oriented Naruto and Sasuke, while in turn, they would benefit from her knowledge.
242)	She was able to answer the written portion of theChūnin Examsall by herself without needing to cheat, something thatgeninwere not expected to be able to do.[70]Sakura's intelligence is nevertheless consistently useful, making her observational enough to guess an opponent's tactics from a brief scan of the battlefield and pick up on otherwise minor inconsistencies in conversation.[27][71]She was able to quickly and accurately deduceTobi'sunique abilitiesupon their brief encounter.[72]Sasuke deemed her analytical skills to be superior to hisSharingan,[39]and as such, developed remarkable memory and observational skills.
243)	In her battle against Sasori, a few observations were enough to learn the latter's attack patterns.[73]She is also capable of immediately memorising large amounts of information, including minute details.[74]
244)	She has an excellent memory, able to quickly piece together multiple pieces of information she's previously come across in order to form a hypothesis.[75]In actual combat, Sakura frequently relies on misleading her opponents, either by letting them think they've outsmarted her so that they lower their guard,[76]or letting them think they've defeated her so that they will approach her, and she can defeat them with a single punch.[71]
245)	Main article:Prologue — Land of Waves
246)	Team 7's group photo.
247)	Upon graduating from theAcademyand being assigned toTeam 7, Sakura is initially devastated when she learns thatNaruto Uzumakiis to be one of her teammates.
248)	She then is immediately afterwards ecstatic to learn thatSasuke Uchihais to be her other teammate.
249)	She tries to bond with Sasuke by stating her envy of Naruto's lack of parents, but this only offends Sasuke, who tells her that she is annoying.
250)	Sakura is hurt and, on realising that she says similar things to Naruto, decides to try to be nicer to him.
251)	Team 7's leader,Kakashi Hatake, tests their qualifications with abell test, stating that whichever of the three takes one of the two bells on his person will officially becomegenin.
252)	While Naruto busies himself attacking Kakashi, Sakura seeks out Sasuke to see if she can help him.
253)	Kakashi finds her during her search and defeats her with anillusion of Sasuke dying.
254)	Likewise, Naruto and Sasuke are also defeated.
255)	Kakashi explains afterwards that the goal of the test was to use teamwork, to do together what none of them could do by themselves.
256)	He is persuaded to allow them to try again after lunch, but instructs Sasuke and Sakura not to feed Naruto.
257)	Sasuke feeds him anyway, needing him in top-form if they're to work together, and Sakura does the same.
258)	Kakashi sees this and, because they care more about the team than listening to his instructions, allows them all to pass.
259)	Team 7 protecting Tazuna.
260)	After a series of uneventfulD-rankmissions, Naruto is able to secure aC-rankmission for Team 7: escortingTazunato theLand of Waves.
261)	Soon after leaving Konoha they are attacked by theDemon Brothers, who go after Tazuna.
262)	Sakura immediately places herself in front of Tazuna to protect him and stands her ground until Kakashi captures the brothers.
263)	Tazuna confesses that assassins have been hired to kill him but that he couldn't afford the bodyguard detail he needs.
264)	Although the mission is nowA-rankin nature — far beyond the skill of genin — Team 7 decides to continue with it.
265)	When they reach the Land of Waves and are attacked byZabuza Momochi, Sakura once again protects Tazuna while Kakashi, and later Naruto and Sasuke, fight Zabuza.
266)	Zabuza is ultimately seemingly killed byHaku, allowing Team 7 to escort Tazuna back to his house.
267)	Kakashi finds Zabuza's death suspicious and decides to train the team in case he returns.
268)	He has them perform theTree Climbing Practiceto improve their chakra control, which will help them against Zabuza.
269)	Sakura masters the exercise on her first try, thus leaving her in charge of protecting Tazuna while Naruto and Sasuke train and Kakashi recovers from his fight with Zabuza.
270)	After a week, the rest of the team joins her, but when they reach the bridge that Tazuna has been working on they find Zabuza and Haku waiting for them.
271)	Sasuke and later Naruto fight Haku while Kakashi fights Zabuza, once again leaving Sakura in charge of protecting Tazuna.
272)	Thethick mistprevents her from seeing how the fight against Haku is going, so she is surprised when Haku suddenly interferes in Kakashi's fight with Zabuza and is killed.
273)	Sakura cries for Sasuke.
274)	When Naruto comes looking for Haku, Sakura asks him where Sasuke is.
275)	When Naruto refuses to respond, Sakura becomes worried, but stays put because she cannot leave Tazuna's side.
276)	When Tazuna offers to come with her, she quickly leads him to where Sasuke is and finds him seemingly dead.
277)	Overcome with emotion, Sakura knowingly violates theshinobi rulesand cries for him.
278)	When Sasuke later wakes up, Sakura embraces him, explains that Haku has been killed, and shares the news of Sasuke's survival with Naruto.
279)	Zabuza also dies, allowing Team 7 to return to Konoha when their injuries heal via Tazuna's newly-constructedGreat Naruto Bridge.
280)	Main article:Chūnin ExamsTeam 7 resumes its series of unremarkable missions.
281)	After returning from one mission, Sakura tries to spend some time with Sasuke, who rejects her.
282)	This places Sakura in a bad mood, causing her to lash out first at Naruto when he suggests toKonohamaru Sarutobithat he and Sakura are dating, and then at Konohamaru when he insults her for harming Naruto.
283)	This all attracts the attention ofSunagakure'sThree Sand Siblings, who have come to Konoha to take part in theChūnin Exams.
284)	Sasuke returns and drives the Sand Siblings off, and later Kakashi meets with them to enter them in the Chūnin Exams as well.
285)	He neglects to mention that they must enter as a team, worried that Sakura might only participate because of Sasuke, and so is glad when she independently decides to participate.
286)	Before the Chūnin Exams begin, Sakura is met byRock Lee, who asks her to go out with him and offers to protect her with his life.
287)	Sakura flatly refuses, being bothered by his eyelashes, hair style, and thick eyebrows.
288)	Sakura tries to forfeit the written exam for Naruto's sake.
289)	For the Chūnin Exams' first stage, the participating genin are given a written test with ten questions.
290)	From looking over the questions, Sakura realises that the questions are too complicated for most genin, especially Naruto, to be able to answer without cheating; Sakura herself is able to answer the first nine questions on her own.
291)	Before being given the tenth question, genin are warned that if they answer it incorrectly they will never be allowed to take the Chūnin Exams again.
292)	Sakura becomes worried that Naruto is too proud to not try to answer the question, and that when he inevitably gives the wrong answer his disqualification will ruin his dreams of becomingHokage.
293)	She prepares to forfeit on his behalf, but Naruto insists on answering the tenth question no matter what, causing her to change her mind.
294)	For their willingness to face the tenth question despite the potential consequences, Team 7 and the remaining genin pass to the second stage.
295)	For the second stage, teams enter theForest of Deathfor a five day survival challenge.
296)	Shortly after the second stage begins, Team 7 is attacked byOrochimaru, who Sasuke and Sakura, sensing hiskilling intent, realise is far too strong for them to fight.
297)	Sasuke tries to surrender in exchange for their lives, but Naruto insists on fighting Orochimaru anyway.
298)	Both Sasuke and Sakura are surprised by how well Naruto does, though he is ultimately defeated and knocked unconscious.
299)	Sakura pins him to a tree with a kunai to stop him from falling and observes to Sasuke that Naruto, despite all his shortcomings, isn't a coward.
300)	This convinces Sasuke to fight Orochimaru as well; Orochimaru becomes impressed by Sasuke and, before he leaves, he brands Sasuke with aCursed Seal of Heaven, rendering him unconscious as well.
301)	Sakura cuts her hair.
302)	Sakura moves Naruto and Sasuke to a secluded area where she watches over them through the night.
303)	In the morning, they are tracked down byTeam Dosu, Orochimaru's underlings who have instructions to kill Sasuke.
304)	They bypass the booby-traps she laid earlier and move in on her, but she is saved by Rock Lee.
305)	Lee fights Team Dosu by himself, planning to make good on his earlier promise to protect her, but is eventually defeated.
306)	Sakura begins attacking Team Dosu herself, but she is restrained byKin Tsuchi, who grabs her by the hair and berates her for how much time she clearly spends on it.
307)	Determined to not keep needing the help of others, and motivated by Naruto and Sasuke, Sakura cuts her hair to free herself and starts attacking, persevering despiteZaku Abumi's many counterattacks.
308)	Sakura stops Sasuke.
309)	Sakura's courage convinces the observingIno Yamanakaand the rest ofTeam 10to come to her defence.
310)	Team 10 fights Team Dosu until they are interrupted by Sasuke, imbued with the power of his cursed seal.
311)	When he sees Sakura's injuries, Sasuke breaks Zaku's arms in punishment and threatens to do the same to the rest of his team.
312)	Sakura is horrified by his actions and embraces him, begging him to stop.
313)	Sasuke's cursed seal recedes and he complies, Team Dosu retreats, and Teams 7, 10, and Lee'sTeam Guyregroup.
314)	When Naruto wakes up he makes fun of Lee's eyebrows, prompting Sakura to strike him.
315)	Before they go their separate ways, Lee vows to Sakura that he will become stronger.
316)	Sakura and Ino knock each other out.
317)	Team 7 spends several days recuperating from their ordeal but they are able to reach the centre of the forest in time to advance to the Chūnin Exams' preliminaries: a series of one-on-one qualifying matches.
318)	Sakura tries to convince Sasuke not to participate because of his cursed seal, but he ignores her, insisting that it's his business and not hers.
319)	For her match, Sakura is paired against Ino.
320)	They start by trading insults and then punches, surprising Ino because Sakura proves her equal in both categories.
321)	Frustrated, Ino follows Sakura's earlier example by cutting her hair, a ruse that allows her to immobilise Sakura while she uses herMind Body Switch Technique.
322)	In control of Sakura's body, Ino tries to make her forfeit the match, but she is stopped and exorcised by Inner Sakura.
323)	They are both exhausted by this, due to both having used up all their chakra, but exchange one final blow, knocking both out.
324)	When Sakura wakes up, Ino informs her that their match was ruled a tie, and that therefore neither of them will continue to the final rounds.
325)	Despite this, they decide to rekindle their friendship, though can't help but continue to bicker over Sasuke.
326)	Sakura watches the remaining matches, including Lee's match withGaara, during which Lee loses and is badly injured.
327)	A few days later, Sakura visits the hospital to see Sasuke, but discovers he's already been taken away by Kakashi.
328)	While she's there, she sees Lee training despite his injuries, causing him to fall unconscious as a consequence; she leaves the flower she brought for Sasuke with him instead.
329)	Sakura worries about Sasuke over the following month, especially when he is missing for his match with Gaara during the finals.
330)	He does finally show up (late), and Sakura watches with interest.
331)	Main article:Konoha Crush
332)	Sakura defends Sasuke.
333)	Sasuke's match is interrupted by aninvasion of Konohaand agenjutsudescends on the stadium where the finals are being held, putting most of the audience to sleep.
334)	Sakura is able to dispel the genjutsu, attracting the attention of invadingOtogakureforces.
335)	She is saved by Kakashi, who instructs her to wake up Naruto andShikamaru Nara.
336)	She does so (though Shikamaru was only pretending to be asleep) and when they're assembled, Kakashi sends them andPakkunafter Sasuke, who is pursuing Gaara.
337)	Oto-nin start following them, so Shikamaru falls behind to delay them.
338)	Naruto and Sakura catch up to Sasuke in time to save him from one of Gaara's attacks.
339)	When Gaara sees Sakura's determination to defend Sasuke, he knocks her unconscious and binds her to a tree.
340)	Her bindings dissolve when Gaara is defeated, which Sakura assumes she has Sasuke to thank for.
341)	Sasuke corrects her when they get back to Konoha, explaining that it was Naruto who saved her.
342)	A few days later, Team 7 attends theThird Hokage's funeral.
343)	Main article:Land of Tea Escort MissionIn the anime, Team 7 is sent to theLand of Teato protectIdate Morinoas he runs a race.
344)	WhenTeam Oboroand laterAoi Rokushōtry to stop Idate, Naruto and Sasuke fight them while Sakura remains alert for opportunities for Idate to run to safety.
345)	Sasuke is eventually knocked out by Aoi, and Sakura looks after him until Aoi is defeated by Naruto.
346)	After Idate wins the race, Team 7 returns to Konoha.
347)	Main article:Sasuke Recovery Mission
348)	Sakura attempting to stop Naruto and Sasuke.
349)	Sakura visits Sasuke everyday while he's in the hospital, tearfully hugging him once he finally regains consciousness.
350)	She continues looking after him as he recovers, but he repels her kindness, angered by his earlier defeat by his brother,Itachi Uchiha.
351)	When Naruto comes to see him, Sasuke challenges him to a fight, which Naruto agrees to over Sakura's protests.
352)	She watches as they exchange attacks on the hospital roof, but decides she can't let things continue when Sasuke prepares aChidoriand Naruto prepares aRasengan.
353)	She runs between them to stop them, but neither is able to pull away in time.
354)	Kakashi appears and flings them apart, saving Sakura.
355)	Sasuke storms off and Kakashi, before he follows, promises Sakura that he'll set things right.
356)	Sasuke thanks Sakura.
357)	Sakura takes Naruto aside afterwards and tells him about the cursed seal Sasuke received from Orochimaru, which she'd until now kept from him at Sasuke's request.
358)	She shares her concerns that Orochimaru is trying to tempt Sasuke to defect from Konoha, but Naruto assures her that Sasuke would never do that.
359)	This comforts her at the time, but she continues to worry and, that night, waits at the village's exit.
360)	Sasuke eventually approaches with his belongings, confirming her fears.
361)	Sasuke tells her to go home, but Sakura refuses, instead asking why he always pushes her away and reminding him of all the good times Team 7 has had.
362)	She tries to persuade him to stay so that she won't be alone and, when that doesn't work, argues that his revenge against Itachi isn't worth it.
363)	When Sasuke remains determined to go, Sakura tells him she loves him and offers to go with him.
364)	Sasuke tells her that she is annoying, just as he did after Team 7's formation.
365)	Sakura threatens to scream for help, so he knocks her out.
366)	However, before he does it, he thanks her.
367)	Sakura asking Naruto to bring back Sasuke.
368)	Sakura is found on a bench the next morning, and when she wakes up she sends word toTsunade, the new Hokage, that Sasuke has defected.
369)	TheSasuke Recovery Teamis formed to go after him, which Sakura approaches as they prepare to set out from Konoha.
370)	Sakura begs Naruto to bring Sasuke back to Konoha, believing he is the only person who can get through to him at this point.
371)	Naruto vows to do so, even if it takes his entire life, and Sakura cries at his dedication to her.
372)	Despite his promise, Naruto is unable to bring Sasuke back.
373)	Sakura visits him in the hospital and, after trying to avoid the subject, tells him that she won't hold him to his word.
374)	Naruto, however, refuses to go back on what he said.
375)	Touched, Sakura apologises to Naruto for what he's gone through and promises to personally help him bring Sasuke back next time.
376)	Main article:Land of Rice Fields Investigation Mission
377)	Sakura training under Tsunade.
378)	In the anime, Sakura accompanies Naruto andJiraiyato theLand of Rice Fieldsto investigate one of Orochimaru's lairs and potentially retrieve Sasuke.
379)	The mission ends in failure.
380)	When they get back to Konoha, Sakura, as in the manga, asks to become Tsunade's apprentice so that she can better meet the challenges she'll face in the future.
381)	Tsunade accepts.
382)	Main article:Mizuki Tracking MissionIn the anime, Sakura focuses on her training, preventing her from helping Naruto with many of the missions he goes on.
383)	When he returns from one such mission, she informs him that she's succeeded in healing a fish.
384)	Main article:Mix it, Stretch it, Boil it Up!
385)	Burn Copper Pot, Burn!In the anime, Sakura helps Naruto andChōji AkimichirescueAyame.
386)	To save her from thecooking-nin, they must prepare the perfect ramen; Sakura contributes by pounding the dough of the noodles into shape.
387)	Main article:Konoha Plans Recapture MissionIn the anime, Sakura and Ino examine a corpse believed to be that ofGennō.
388)	They conclude that it is not actually him.
389)	Main article:Yakumo Kurama Rescue MissionIn the anime, Sakura helps Naruto protectYakumo Kuramafrom theKurama clan.
390)	WhenKurenai Yūhiis injured during the fight, Sakura heals her wounds.
391)	Main article:Gantetsu Escort MissionIn the anime, Sakura, Naruto, and Lee guardGantetsuas he is transferred to prison.
392)	Main article:Sunagakure Support MissionIn the anime, Sakura and the rest of theKonoha 11are sent to Sunagakure to help the Sand Siblings in their fight with theFour Celestial Symbols Men; Sakura heals Gaara during his fight withSuiko.
393)	Ino, jealous of Sakura's new-found healing abilities, asks to train with Sakura to be amedical-nin.
394)	Sakura agrees, but Ino is dismayed when Sakura reminds her that she will be herjuniorduring the course of their training.
395)	Main article:In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' Paths
396)	Sakura as part of Team 10.
397)	In the anime, about two years after Naruto leaves Konoha to train, another Chūnin Exam is held.
398)	Because participants must enter as part of three-man teams, Ino invites Sakura to be Shikamaru's replacement onTeam 10since Shikamaru is already achūnin.
399)	During the first exam, Sakura, Ino, and Chōji are seated in different rooms and are tasked with getting a combined score of exactly 100 points on their written test despite their separation.
400)	Inotelepathically contactsSakura and Chōji in order to assign which questions to answer.
401)	After the initial testing period is over, they are given a bonus question: each team must unanimously select one of their members to disqualify from the rest of the exams.
402)	Team 10 selects nobody, which is the correct answer and which qualifies them for the next phase.
403)	Sakura facing Ameno.
404)	Those who pass the first exam must reach theDemon Desertwithin three days in order to participate in the second exam.
405)	Team 10 successfully does so and they are given the same objective as they had in the exam several years ago: obtain a scroll from another team.
406)	They wander through the desert for three days, losing their provisions to anAme-team.[77]While recuperating at an oasis, they are attacked byTeam Ameno.
407)	Ino once again telepathically links with Sakura and Chōji to coordinate their attacks and help them locate their attackers, resulting in Team Ameno's defeat.
408)	Once Sakura and Ino heal their injuries, Team Ameno offers them their scroll.
409)	However, theirs is the same scroll that Team 10 already has, so they are allowed to keep it.
410)	They go their separate ways, agreeing to meet again in the third exam.[78]
411)	Sakura and the other genin being promoted to chūnin.
412)	Team 10 is later attacked byTeam Saya.SayapossessesIno's mind and forces her to attack Sakura.
413)	When Chōji, meanwhile, begins overwhelming Saya's teammates, Saya possesses his mind instead, and she forces him to attack Sakura using hisSuper Multi-Size Technique.[49]Ino is able to release Chōji, forcing Team Saya to retreat.
414)	Team 10 is afterwards trapped in asandstorm, during which Ino and Chōji are poisoned by acloakedMamushi.
415)	Sakura escapes the sandstorm, defeats Team Saya, and then returns to heal Ino and Chōji.[79]
416)	Team 10 is eventually found by one of the exam's proctors, who brings them to where all of the other genin are being assembled.
417)	They are informed that the Chūnin Exams have been cancelled; reports on the participants' performances will be sent back to their villages, leaving their promotion up to their superiors.
418)	When they get back to Konoha, Tsunade promotes Sakura, Ino, and Chōji to chūnin.[80]
419)	Main article:Kazekage Rescue Mission
420)	Sakura forces Kakashi from underground.
421)	Tsunade informs Sakura of Naruto's return after two-and-a-half years of training.
422)	She goes to greet him and is initially glad that he's back, but is quickly disappointed when he gets back into a competition ofSexy TechniqueswithKonohamaru Sarutobi.
423)	Kakashi reforms Team 7 with them and gives them anotherbell test, though unlike last time, taking the bells from him is the real objective.
424)	Kakashi vanishes shortly after the test begins and Sakura, after determining that he's nowhere above ground, concludes he's below ground.
425)	To force him out, she shatters the earth withCherry Blossom Impact, surprising both Kakashi and Naruto.
426)	Despite their improved abilities, neither Sakura nor Naruto are able to get a bell through conventional means, and it is only by Naruto's threat to spoil the latestIcha Ichabook that they are able to lower Kakashi's guard long enough to take his bells.
427)	While Team 7 tries without success to find a mission to go on that Naruto won't complain about, word reaches Konoha thatAkatsukihas kidnappedGaara, theKazekage.
428)	Team 7 is sent to Sunagakure to lend assistance in rescuing Gaara.
429)	On their way to Suna, Naruto explains that Gaara was kidnapped because he is thejinchūrikiof theOne-Tail, just as Naruto is the jinchūriki of theNine-Tails.
430)	When they reach Suna, they are informed thatKankurōwas poisoned by Akatsuki memberSasoriin his failed attempt to rescue Gaara, and that none of the village's medics can heal him.
431)	Sakura is able toremove the poison from his body, from which she prepares some antidotes, impressingChiyo.
432)	Chiyo, Sasori's grandmother, ultimately decides to accompany Team 7 as they leave to find Gaara, helping them navigate the local country.
433)	Sakura destroys Hiruko.
434)	On their way to the Akatsuki lair where Gaara has been taken, they are met byItachi Uchiha, the brother who Sasuke defected from Konoha in order to kill.
435)	Although eager to face him, Sakura must leave most of the fighting to Kakashi due to hisSharingan; when Naruto is trapped in Itachi's genjutsu, Sakura and Chiyo release him.
436)	The Itachi is eventually discovered to be animpostor, so they continue to the Akatsuki lair.
437)	They meetTeam Guythere, who takes down the barrier over the entrance so that Team 7 can get in.Deidaraflies off with Gaara's body as soon as they enter, and Naruto and Kakashi pursue him, leaving Sasori to Sakura and Chiyo.
438)	Chiyo informs Sakura that what appears to be Sasori is actually one of hispuppets,Hiruko.
439)	She also warns that all of Hiruko's weapons are likely coated with poison.
440)	With this in mind, ChiyoguidesSakura to Hiruko unharmed, allowing her to destroy it.
441)	Sakura landing a devastating punch on Sasori.
442)	With Hiruko gone, Sasori starts using hishuman puppetof theThird Kazekage.
443)	Although it initially appears no different from a standard puppet, such that Chiyo is able to fight it with herMother and Fatherpuppets, the puppet is discovered to have access to the Third'sIron Sand, which has also been imbued with poison.
444)	The Iron Sand neutralises the Mother and Father puppets and thenforms into blocks, which Sakura, with Chiyo's guidance again, is able to punch away.
445)	Sasori'sIron Sand World Methodproves more difficult to avoid and Sakura receives several scratches, causing her to collapse from the poison.
446)	She is able to administer the antidote, however, allowing her to destroy the Third when it moves in to finish her off.
447)	Angered by this, Sasori reveals that his own body is a puppet now and he goes after Chiyo.
448)	Sakura intercepts him and destroys his body, but he's able to reassemble it.
449)	Sasori brings out hisHundred Puppet Armyand Chiyo brings out herTen Puppet Collection of Chikamatsu.
450)	While the two sides battle, Sakura moves closer to Sasori and places asealon him.
451)	Sasori is able to transfer his living core to another puppet before the seal connects, sneaks up on Chiyo, and attacks.
452)	Sakura shields the attack with her body and is both fatally wounded and poisoned.
453)	While Chiyo gives her the final antidote, Sasori attacks Chiyo again, only to fall into her trap and have his core stabbed by the Mother and Father puppets.
454)	Chiyo then heals Sakura's wound.
455)	Having guessed that Sakura was able to create an antidote for his poison — something he thought was impossible — Sasori decides to reward her before he dies: he tells her of a spy withinOrochimaru's ranks who he had plans to meet inKusagakurein ten days.
456)	Chiyo collapses once he's dead, but refuses Sakura's offer to take her back to Suna to make another antidote.
457)	Sakura mourns Chiyo's death.
458)	At Chiyo's request, Sakura carries her to Naruto and Kakashi, who have managed to retrieve Gaara.
459)	Sakura attempts to revive Gaara, but the removal of the One-Tail has caused him to die.
460)	Chiyo uses theOne's Own Life Reincarnationon him, bringing him back to life at the cost of her own.
461)	As the jutsu nears completion, Chiyo warns Sakura not to risk her life to protect someone as old as she is again, believing Sakura is too valuable.
462)	Gaara is successfully resurrected and, a few days later, Teams 7 and Guy attend Chiyo's funeral in Sunagakure before returning home.
463)	Main article:Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance MissionWith the intel gained from Sasori, Team 7 begins planning to meet the spy in the hopes that it will help them reunite with Sasuke.
464)	Kakashi is left bedridden from his fight with Deidara, requiringYamatoto lead Team 7 as his replacement.
465)	TheKonoha Councilalso requires thatSaibe assigned to Team 7 as Sasuke's replacement.
466)	Naruto immediately dislikes Sai, declaring him an inferior version of Sasuke.
467)	Sai is happy for this distinction and proceeds to degrade Sasuke for defecting from Konoha.
468)	This angers Sakura and she hits him, forcing Yamato to use hiswood releaseto break up their fight.
469)	Despite this incident, Sakura has difficulty holding a grudge against Sai due to his lack of emotion or interpersonal connections.
470)	She therefore tries to mediate between Naruto and Sai, explaining to Sai the brotherly bond that Naruto feels to Sasuke.
471)	When this fails to make an impression, Sakura gives up on Sai and puts up with him only because they need his help to find Sasuke.
472)	Team 7 confronts Orochimaru and Kabuto.
473)	Yamato disguises himself as Sasori and goes to theTenchi Bridgeto meet the spy while Naruto, Sakura, and Sai hide nearby.
474)	The spy,Kabuto Yakushi, begins telling Yamato about Orochimaru's organisation, but they are interrupted by the appearance of Orochimaru, who teams up with Kabuto to fight Yamato, having intended to kill Sasori.
475)	Team 7 comes to his aid and Orochimaru, recognising them, taunts Naruto about Sasuke.
476)	Naruto is enraged and strikes him, using the Nine-Tails' power to make his attacks more devastating.
477)	The Tenchi Bridge starts to collapse from the stress of his chakra and Sakura is knocked unconscious in the process.
478)	She is saved and revived by Yamato, and is then horrified by the damage that Naruto is causing to the surroundings.
479)	Sakura healing Naruto.
480)	Orochimaru is eventually able to force Naruto away from himself and closer to Sakura and Yamato.
481)	Seeing the lengths he's going to in order to retrieve Sasuke from Orochimaru, Sakura tries to reason with him, but hisversion 2form leaves him unable to tell friend from foe and he attacks her.
482)	While Yamato restrains Naruto with his wood release, Kabuto heals Sakura's wound, his thanks to Team 7 for killing Sasori.
483)	Yamato is able to suppress the Nine-Tails' influence, but its chakra leaves his body badly damaged.
484)	Sakura heals him, but is upset that it's the only thing she can do to help him.
485)	When Naruto wakes up he can't remember what happened and assumes Sakura's tears are because of something Sai said, which she doesn't correct.
486)	After taking a break when Sakura’s wound starts hurting, she tells Naruto her wound was caused by Orochimaru.
487)	While Sakura works on healing herself, Yamato tells Naruto the truth.
488)	When they realise that Sai is missing, Yamato reports that he has joined with Orochimaru and Kabuto.
489)	Sakura attacks Sasuke.
490)	Having placed atraceon Sai, Yamato is able to lead Naruto and Sakura to him and by extension Orochimaru's lair.
491)	They infiltrate it, locate Sai, and restrain him so that they can go looking for Sasuke.
492)	Kabuto finds them and releases Sai to help him fight them, but Sai restrains him instead, curious about the bond that Naruto keeps saying he has with Sasuke; Sai goes searching through Orochimaru's lair in search of Sasuke on Naruto's behalf.
493)	While he's gone, Yamato goes through his belongings and finds evidence that Sai has been assigned to assassinate Sasuke.
494)	They go after him in order to stop him.
495)	When they find him, he explains that he truly does want to help retrieve Sasuke, and in fact has already found him: Sakura and Naruto are speechless to see Sasuke again, but Sasuke reacts with indifference to them.
496)	To demonstrate that they mean nothing to him, Sasuke quickly neutralises them all, except Sakura who prepares to attack him.
497)	Sasuke is about to counter her attack before Yamato saves her.
498)	He then prepares to kill them, but is persuaded not to by Orochimaru and leaves without further comment.
499)	Defeated, a tearful Sakura tells a devastated Naruto they need to get stronger and Team 7 returns to Konoha.
500)	Main article:Twelve Guardian Ninja
501)	Sakura defeats Fuen.
502)	In the anime, Yamato leads Team 7 on a mission to theFire Templeto investigate a series of grave robberies.
503)	During the course of the investigation, Team 7 is separated by anearthen maze.
504)	Sakura is attacked within the maze by a giant spider, but she's saved by Sai, whose arm breaks in the process.
505)	She tends his injury and they reunite with Naruto and Yamato, butthe grave robbersescape.
506)	Team 7 returns to Konoha, and when the grave robbers attack the village, Sakura is drawn into battle withFuen.
507)	Sakura pretends to fall victim to Fuen'sgenjutsu, allowing her to surprise attack her when she attacks adecoy of her, and end it by smashing her into the ground.
508)	Main article:Akatsuki Suppression Mission
509)	Team 7 saves Team 10 from Kakuzu's attack.
510)	Kakashi assembles Naruto, Sakura, and Sai to discuss their failed mission to retrieve Sasuke.
511)	Sakura shares her suspicion that Sasuke's skills have been boosted with medication, as his growth rate is unnaturally high.
512)	Kakashi believes the best way to prepare them for another encounter with Sasuke is for Naruto to invent a newjutsu.
513)	Once he finally does so after many days of training, Team 7 is sent to helpTeam 10in their battle with Akatsuki.
514)	Sakura and Sai are sent to provide backup forShikamaru Naraduring his fight withHidanwhile everyone else focuses onKakuzu.
515)	When they locate Shikamaru, however, they discover that he's already defeated Hidan.
516)	Naruto elsewhere defeats Kakuzu with his jutsu, after which they go back to Konoha.
517)	Sakura offers to feed Naruto ramen.
518)	Naruto's new jutsu injures his arm after use, which Sakura treats in Konoha.
519)	Because he has difficulty using the arm while it mends, Sakura tries to help him eat when they visitRamen Ichiraku, but Sai insists on the responsibility.
520)	As they leave afterwards, they are met by Konohamaru, who demonstrates hisSexy: Girl on Girl Technique.
521)	In the manga, Konohamaru responds withSexy: Boy on Boy Technique; Sakura approves but Naruto is disgusted and violently reprimands him.
522)	Sakura tries to make an excuse when she realises how she reacted, but Konohamaru's suspicions that Sakura is just as much a pervert as he is are confirmed.
523)	However, in the anime, Naruto approves, and Sakura is disgusted, and violently reprimands him.
524)	Main article:Three-Tails' AppearanceIn the anime, Team 7 is sent to helpTeam 8in their fight withTeam Guren.
525)	When they come across theThree-Tailsduring the course of the mission, Sakura is assigned to a team responsible for sealing it due to her excellent chakra control.
526)	They are interrupted by Team Guren before they can complete theFour-Corner Sealing Barrier, and Sakura tends to the wounded after the Three-Tails goes on a rampage.
527)	When Team Guren is defeated, they are recalled to Konoha.
528)	Main article:Itachi Pursuit Mission
529)	The Eight Man Squad formed to pursue Itachi and Sasuke.
530)	News reaches Konoha that Sasuke has killed Orochimaru.
531)	Realising that this is a good opportunity to try once again to reunite with Sasuke, Kakashi combines Teams 7 and 8 into anEight Man Squadwith the mission to find either Sasuke or his assumed target, Itachi.
532)	They split up to look for leads on either Uchiha; because she doesn't have any particular tracking skills, Kakashi pairs Sakura with twoninken,ShibaandBisuke.
533)	They briefly pick up on the trail of one of Sasuke's new teammates,Karin, but they don't realise this and lose the trail shortly afterwards.
534)	Main article:Fated Battle Between BrothersAfter they regroup,Kiba Inuzukais able to detect Sasuke's scent and they start to follow it.
535)	Along the way they are met byTobiof Akatsuki, who prevents them from progressing and who is invulnerable to their attacks.
536)	Tobi leaves when he receives news that Sasuke has killed Itachi, and Teams 7 and 8 try to reach Sasuke before he does.
537)	Unable to find where Tobi has taken Sasuke, they are forced to return to Konoha.
538)	Main article:Six-Tails UnleashedIn the anime, they are intercepted by a new assignment to help theTsuchigumo clanprotect itsforbidden technique.
539)	Kakashi takes Team 8 back to Konoha while Yamato leads Team 7 on the mission.
540)	During the mission, Sakura helps fight theMagaki groupand the villagers who are underShiranami's control.
541)	Once Shiranami is stopped, Team 7 returns to Konoha.
542)	Main article:Pain's Assault
543)	Sakura kills Pain's giant centipede.
544)	Sakura is present when Naruto is informed thatJiraiyadied while investigating the leader of Akatsuki,Pain.
545)	She defends Tsunade when Naruto blames her for his death, and then again when Shikamaru tries to get out of helping decipher one of the clues that Jiraiya left behind, aware that Tsunade is grieving over Jiraiya.
546)	Sakura later tries to help Shikamaru decipher the clue, but is interrupted by theinvasion of Pain.
547)	Sakura heads for theKonoha Hospital, along the way saving a group of civilians from Pain'sgiant centipede.
548)	She assists with healing the injured once she gets to the hospital, doing as much as she can despite there being more people in need of care than medics available.
549)	When Pain destroys Konoha, Sakura and the rest of the villagers are saved by Tsunade with the help ofKatsuyu.
550)	Tsunade is exhausted by the effort, so Sakura looks after her while Naruto fights Pain.
551)	During the battle, Sakura senses Naruto entering another version 2 form as a result of Pain's attack onHinata Hyūga.
552)	She has Katsuyu relay a message to the villagers to retreat to a safe distance while she treats Hinata.
553)	Naruto ultimately defeats Pain and, when he returns to the village, Sakura punches him for taking such a risk and then embraces him as thanks.
554)	Main article:Past Arc: The Locus of KonohaSakura andShizunestay with Tsunade as the village starts to rebuild.
555)	In the anime, they give Tsunade's various visitors updates on her condition.
556)	Main article:Five Kage SummitSakura informs Naruto that Tsunade is in a coma and that there's nothing that can be done to bring her out of it.
557)	While they talk, they are approached byTazunaandInari, who have come to help rebuild Konoha.
558)	They ask about Sasuke, who which Naruto avoids going into detail about so as to spare them and Sakura a discussion about Sasuke's defection.
559)	After Tazuna and Inari leave, they receive news thatDanzō Shimurahas become the nextHokageand that he has ordered Sasuke be killed as a traitor.
560)	Naruto and Sakura approach Sai to ask him how they can convince Danzō to change his mind, but Sai is unable to help.OmoiandKaruiofKumogakureoverhear them talking about Sasuke and they ask for information about Sasuke, wishing to kill him for his role in Akatsuki's capture ofKiller B.
561)	This news upsets Sakura greatly to the point of tears, so Naruto leads Omoi and Karui away to spare her further distress.
562)	In the anime, while watching over a comatose Tsunade, Shizune confirms what she heard about Sasuke working with Akatsuki, which once again left Sakura on the verge of tears and hoping that Tsunade would awaken soon so the situation with Sasuke can be resolved.
563)	Sakura painfully accepts that Sasuke must be stopped at all costs.
564)	Sai later informs Sakura of the abuse Naruto suffered at the hands of Omoi and Karui, as he was unwilling to sell out Sasuke.
565)	He also informs her that Naruto has gone to meet with theFourth Raikageto try and get a pardon for Sasuke's actions against Kumo.
566)	Sakura cannot understand why Naruto would do all this, so Sai explains how he believes that it is because he has feelings for Sakura and that he is still trying to fulfil the promise he made to her after Sasuke left the village years ago, which devastated her.
567)	Sai adds that his commitment to that promise and by extension Sakura cause Naruto as much pain as Sasuke does.
568)	Shikamaru joins their conversation to inform them of the rest of theKonoha 11's decision to personally eliminate Sasuke so that he can't continue to implicate Konoha in his crimes nor present the risk of a war.
569)	Sakura tearfully agrees with this and insists to be the one to inform Naruto.
570)	She also made the others swear to not say anything to Naruto before she can, seeing it as her responsibility, while secretly she decide to handle the entire matter herself.
571)	Sakura's team arrives in the Land of Iron.
572)	Sakura forms a team with Sai, Kiba Inuzuka, andRock Leeand goes to theLand of Ironto search for Naruto.
573)	When they find him, Sakura attempts to tell him that she loves him and that, because of this, he no longer needs to fulfil his promise regarding Sasuke, who she claims she no longer has feelings for.
574)	However, this enrages Naruto, who rejects Sakura by telling her that he hates people who lie to themselves.
575)	Sakura then insists rather angrily that it's true and that he should start worrying about himself rather than Sasuke.
576)	Naruto still does not believe her and informs her that he wants to save Sasuke for his own reasons, not for Sakura.
577)	Upset, Sakura departs, but when they're far enough away she instructs her team to start looking for Sasuke.
578)	Her team tells her it would have been better to simply tell Naruto the truth about Konoha 11's decision and that she's underestimating him by not doing so, but Sakura adamantly says she couldn't do it.
579)	Sasuke attacking Sakura from behind.
580)	When Kiba finally locates Sasuke, Sakura has him give her precise directions to where he is.
581)	She then attempts to knock out the team with sleeping gas, but is initially stopped by Sai, who has guessed that she plans to personally kill Sasuke.
582)	When he attempts to detain them on Kakashi's instructions, Kiba and Lee engage Sai, giving Sakura a chance to use the sleeping gas.
583)	She proceeds to where Sasuke is and announces her desire to join with him, even if that means helping destroy Konoha.
584)	To prove her loyalty, Sasuke instructs Sakura to kill the badly-injured Karin.
585)	Sakura approaches her, contemplating how best to strike Sasuke, but is alerted by Karin that Sasuke is attacking her from behind withChidori.
586)	Kakashi arrives in time to stop him and, aware of what Sakura was planning, volunteers to be the one to kill Sasuke so that she won't need to, especially when he holds himself responsible for not preventing the situation as his teacher.
587)	Naruto saves Sakura from Sasuke's attack.
588)	Sakura heals Karin's injury and, in her unstable mental state, joins the battle.
589)	She starts attacking Sasuke from behind, but ultimately can't bring herself to harm him and cries at her own failure.
590)	Sensing her, Sasuke grabs her by the throat, takes her kunai, and prepares to kill her with it, but she is saved by Naruto.
591)	Sakura is shocked that she came close to being killed by Sasuke, and is further shocked as Sasuke confesses to killing Danzō and plans to do the same to his former teammates and the village.
592)	After briefly fighting, Naruto and Sasuke talk and conclude that only they are suitable to fight each other, which they will do at some future date; Sakura is upset once again that her resolve isn't as strong as theirs and she decides to trust Naruto and Sasuke in fulfilling her dream of Team 7 having a happy ending.
593)	After Sasuke leaves with Tobi, Naruto passes out from the poison of her kunai and a panicked Sakura gives him the antidote.
594)	Sakura then uses an antidote to wake Sai, Kiba, and Rock Lee up.
595)	After returning to the village, Naruto meets with the Konoha 11 as soon as they're back to tell them his decision, which Sakura defends when some of them accuse Naruto of being unrealistic, but is concerned about Naruto and Sasuke's promise to fight to the death.
596)	When Tsunade finally wakes from her coma, Sakura goes around the village sharing the good news.
597)	In the anime, Sakura is later informed of the upcoming war against Akatsuki from Tsunade, and Sakura, while uneasy at fighting against Sasuke, is given the task to keep a watchful eye on Naruto during the war.
598)	Main article:PowerIn the anime, Team 7 is sent to investigate the attack onTonika Village.
599)	They encounter Kabuto Yakushi and are forced to fight hisreincarnated forceswhile he escapes.
600)	They fight Kabuto and his forces several more times, during one of which Sakura is knocked out by theNine-Tailed Naruto Clone, but Kabuto is ultimately driven off.
601)	Main article:Paradise Life on a BoatIn the anime, Tsunade sends Sakura, Ino, andChōji AkimichitoBenisu Islandto pick medicinal herbs.
602)	Although the locals initially try interfering, Naruto is able to convince them to help instead.
603)	Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation
604)	Sakura healing Guy.
605)	When theFourth Shinobi World Warbegins, Sakura is added to theThird Divisionof theAllied Shinobi Forces.
606)	Before the armies mobilise for war with Akatsuki, Sakura healsMight Guy, whose exhaustion mystifies her.
607)	The Third Division is called to assist theSurprise Attack Division, and when they arrive Sakura recognises the reincarnatedHakuandZabuza Momochiamongst the Surprise Attack Division's attackers.
608)	When Zabuza asks her how Naruto is doing, Sakura replies that he's well.
609)	Zabuza and Haku are forced to attack the Third Division, so they take up defensive positions; having encountered them before, Sakura advises those near her to take aManji Formation.
610)	When casualties start growing, Sakura heals the wounded.
611)	"Sakura defeats ""Neji""."
612)	Sakura is eventually reassigned to theLogistical Support and Medical Division's compound to heal the wounded that are sent there.
613)	During the night, threemedical-ninare killed despite the major precautions they took to secure the location, placing everyone on high alert.
614)	Sakura is approached byMorioduring this time, who she recognises as someone she healed earlier.
615)	He gives her a love letter, but she turns him down and explains she is in love with someone else.
616)	He wishes her luck with her beloved when he leaves but Sakura is saddened as she thinks about Sasuke.Neji Hyūgavisits her after Morio leaves to discuss the suspected killer.
617)	When, during the conversation, Neji proves unaware thatTontonis a pig, Sakura realises he is an impostor and attacks him.
618)	The disguise disappears, revealing aWhite Zetsu.
619)	From the Zetsu's comments and previous reports she's read about its abilities, Sakura is able to determine how itsSubstitute Techniqueworks and alerts the Allied HQ.
620)	She and Shizune later perform an autopsy on the Zetsu's body and discover itsWood Releasecapabilities.
621)	In the anime, during the following day, the Medical Division is attacked by several reincarnated shinobi and a scroll of dead Allied forces is stolen.
622)	Sakura joins a team to go after them and most of the reincarnated shinobi are sealed, butHayate Gekkōescapes with the scroll.
623)	She goes after him and fights him untilYūgao Uzukiarrives to finish him off.
624)	Later, security at the Medical Division remains high, with nobody having an effective way of identifying disguised Zetsu.
625)	Two Zetsu eventually bypass bodyguards assigned to Sakura, though she is saved by the arrival of Naruto, whoseNine-Tails Chakra Modeallows him to find and eliminate all the Zetsu.
626)	Main article:Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax
627)	The Allied Shinobi Forces arrive.
628)	With the Zetsu army defeated, the Allied Shinobi Forces are sent to assist Naruto in his fight with Tobi.
629)	Along the way, Sakura vows to be there to help Naruto.
630)	When they arrive, Sakura heals Kakashi and Might Guy and then joins in the Allies' attack on theTen-Tails.
631)	The attack fails and many die in the Ten-Tails' counterattack, including Neji, which shocks  and hurts Sakura.
632)	However, Naruto is able to give protectiveversion 1-like cloaks to most of the allies in time.
633)	When Naruto is injured saving everyone fromTenpenchii, Sakura heals him and encourages the other Allies not to give up hope, even in the face of the Ten-Tails'Tailed Beast Ball.
634)	They are saved by the arrival of the reincarnatedFourth Hokage.
635)	The Fourth thanks Sakura for healing Naruto, his son, and asks if she is Naruto's girlfriend.
636)	When Naruto suggests this is true, Sakura headbutts him and tells him to focus on the situation.
637)	Naruto complains she gave him more injuries and she retorts she will heal him again.
638)	Team 7 together again.
639)	Sasuke arrives shortly after the Fourth, intent on joining the Allies so that he can protect Konoha.
640)	Sakura is surprised by Sasuke's sudden arrival and asks him of his intentions, and is dumbfounded, as with the rest of the Konoha 11, by his declaration that he will be Hokage.
641)	Naruto and Sasuke prepare to fight the Ten-Tails and Sakura, as she says she is not weak and will assist them as a member of Team 7, joins them.
642)	The now reunited Team 7 charges into battle with the Ten-Tails' army ofclones; after charging herStrength of a Hundred Seal, Sakura is able to defeat many at a time and boasts that she has finally caught up with her teammates.
643)	Because there are too many Ten-Tails' clones, Team 7 each performs their ownsummonings: Sakura summons Katsuyu and has it adhere to all the Allies nearby so that she canheal them remotely.
644)	While Naruto and Sasuke fight the Ten-Tails itself, Sai asks Sakura if she trusts Sasuke.
645)	Sakura says she is happy he's back and she does trust him.
646)	Sai believes her words are truthful, but knows her smile is fake.
647)	Main article:Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki
648)	Sakura and Tsunade work together.
649)	When Tobi, real nameObito Uchiha, becomes the Ten-Tails' jinchūriki, Sakura can only watch from a distance as Naruto, Sasuke, and the reincarnated Hokage fight him.
650)	Obito eventually recreates theGod Tree, which absorbs the chakra of many of the Allied Shinobi Forces.
651)	Sakura instructs Katsuyu to heal them, but Katsuyu explains that itsdivisionssuffered the same fate as the shinobi they were attached to.
652)	To do what she can, Sakura runs over to Shikamaru and starts trying to heal him.
653)	It is ultimately Naruto who saves Shikamaru and the others, remotely restoring theVersion 1cloaks thought absorbed by the God Tree.
654)	Tsunade then arrives, congratulates Sakura for the work she's done, and requests her help in summoning an even large segment of Katsuyu.
655)	Katsuyu dissolves across the battlefield, allowing Tsunade and Sakura to constantly rejuvenate everybody as they unite against Obito.
656)	Sakura attempts to heal Naruto.
657)	Although Obito is defeated,Madara Uchihaandanother Zetsustill remain.
658)	The prolonged fighting exhausts Tsunade and leaves Sakura and Shizune with little chakra to spare.
659)	When Gaara brings Naruto to them, in need of emergency life support following the removal of the Nine-Tails from his body, Sakura boards hisDesert Suspensionto lend what support she can.
660)	When her normalmedical ninjutsufails to do anything, Sakura makes anincisionin Naruto's chest and manually pumps his heart to keep him alive while pleading for him to live because he is close to achieving his dream.
661)	Gaara brings them to the Fourth Hokage so that he can seal his half of the Nine-Tails' chakra into Naruto, but the chakra is intercepted byBlack Zetsu.
662)	When Madara — the Ten-Tails' new jinchūriki — arrives, Kakashi usesKamuion Sakura and Naruto to get them to safety inKamui's dimension.
663)	They are shortly afterwards joined by Obito, who has decided he wants to help Naruto.
664)	Though wary of Obito, Sakura allows him to seal the Nine-Tails' chakra he took from Black Zetsu into Naruto, thus saving his life.
665)	Team 7 attacks Madara.
666)	Naruto goes back to fight Madara when he regains consciousness, leaving Obito with Sakura.
667)	She calls Obito an enemy for killing many of her comrades but she is willing to help him as thanks for saving Naruto.
668)	Obito asks Sakura to destroy hisRinnegan, explaining it's the only way to guarantee Madara can't use theInfinite Tsukuyomi.
669)	Before she's able to do so, Madara arrives in Kamui's dimension and Obito sends Sakura away so that Madara can't kill her.
670)	She explains what happened when she regroups with Team 7 and tries healing Kakashi after Madara stole his eye, but Naruto instead gives him a new one.
671)	As they wait for Madara's inevitable return, Sakura questions Sasuke what he meant when he said he would be Hokage, but receives no answer because they have a war to worry about.
672)	Sensing Madara coming, Kakashi reminds them of their first lesson as Team 7: the importance of teamwork.
673)	When Madara is brought back by Black Zetsu using Obito's body, Sakura launches the first attack.
674)	She is stabbed with aTruth-Seeking Balland is saved by Naruto (who grabs her) and Sasuke (who cuts the rod Madara stabbed her with).
675)	Sakura is saddened because she thinks Sasuke is not concerned about her.
676)	Madara, now in possession of two Rinnegan, ascends into the sky and, despite Naruto and Sasuke's attempt to stop him, casts the Infinite Tsukuyomi.
677)	Main article:Kaguya Ōtsutsuki StrikesWhile the world around them falls to the Infinite Tsukuyomi, Sasuke uses his Susanoo to shield Naruto, Sakura, and Kakashi from its effects.
678)	Sakura asks what is happening but is saddened when Sasuke tells her she doesn't need to know because she can't do anything about it.
679)	When they emerge, they find Madara has bound the world's population withGod: Nativity of a World of Treesand trapped them all within perpetual dreams.
680)	Madara confronts them and insists that he has ended all conflicts and that only Team 7, as the only remaining opposition, would seek to renew the cycle of death that plagued the world for centuries.
681)	As he's talking, Madara is stabbed from behind by Black Zetsu, who transfers to him from Obito's body to convert him intoKaguya Ōtsutsuki, Black Zetsu's true master.
682)	Kakashi saves Sakura.
683)	Kaguya, the origin of chakra, now has access to the chakra supplies of everyone trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi.
684)	She wants Team 7's chakra as well, so she transports them to one ofKaguya's Dimensions: a sea of lava.
685)	Kakashi grabs Sakura, ties himself to an unconscious Obito with a scroll, and pins Obito to a wall in order to save them.
686)	Sakura is sad as Sasuke explains to Naruto that he only saved Sakura and Kakashi earlier because they happened to be near Naruto and he is willing to sacrifice his comrades if it means ensuring he and Naruto will survive to save the world.
687)	However Naruto retorts Sasuke still saved them subconsciously, and Sakura is thankful for Naruto for this.
688)	The heat causes the scroll to burn up, but Naruto sends ashadow cloneto catch them.
689)	Because only Naruto and Sasuke can defeat Kaguya, they are forced to watch from a distance; Sakura is mortified when Naruto uses theSexy Reverse Harem Techniqueon Kaguya, and then mortified again when it works.
690)	Kaguya eventually relocates them to her ice dimension and then banishes Sasuke to another, separating him from Naruto.
691)	Sakura and Obito search for Sasuke.
692)	When Obito regains consciousness and is caught up about what's been happening, he offers to help retrieve Sasuke and requests Sakura's help.
693)	Naruto'scollaborative clone attackforces Kaguya to retreat to her desert dimension, where Obito secretly follows, taking Sakura and a Naruto clone along with by syncing his Kamui to it.
694)	Kaguya, believing the clone to be the real one, and that he is alone, attacks it and manages to dispatch it before returning back to the ice dimension.
695)	The plan ends with Kaguya seeing an alive Naruto in the ice dimension.
696)	With Kaguya out of the way, Obito begins piercing through her various dimensions with Kamui while Sakura heals the stress this causes to his body.
697)	They finally locate Sasuke, but Obito is unable to keep the portal open long enough for Sasuke to run to it.
698)	Sakura collapses of exhaustion, but is caught by Sasuke, who explains he usedAmenotejikarato switch places with Sakura's flak jacket, before thanking them.
699)	Obito teleports them back to the dimension where Naruto is and sacrifices himself to save Naruto from Kaguya.
700)	Team 7 defeats Kaguya.
701)	Despite his death, Obito's spirit is able to briefly return to allow Kakashi to useSusanoo, which he uses to save Sakura from one of Kaguya's attacks.
702)	When Kaguya creates anExpansive Truth-Seeking Ballto finally kill them all, Kakashi, realising that this is their last opportunity, forms a plan of attack: Kakashi pierces through her; Naruto uses shadow clones to exhaust some of her countermeasures and Kakashi uses Kamui on the rest.
703)	Sasuke moves closer to her in order to place a seal on her, and when Kaguya tried to escape, Sakura punches her.
704)	Kaguya is defeated, thetailed beastsare removed from her body, and she is trapped alongside Black Zetsu withSix Paths — Chibaku Tensei.
705)	As Sakura and Naruto panic over how they are going to get back home, theSage of the Six Pathssummons them all back from Kaguya's dimensions and congratulates them for their victory.
706)	Sakura caught in Sasuke's genjutsu.
707)	The Sage of Six Paths explains how Naruto and Sasuke can end the Infinite Tsukuyomi, but Sasuke has plans before that: starting a revolution by killing the tailed beasts andFive Kage, which he believes will change the world for the better.
708)	Sad and angry, Sakura pleads with him, acknowledging that there's literally nothing that she can do to change his mind, but asks if there's some part of him that cares about her and is willing to return to her.
709)	He once again tells her that she is still annoying before knocking her out with a genjutsu.
710)	Kakashi scolds Sasuke for this by saying Sakura's love for him is only hurting her heart.
711)	When she finally wakes up later that night, Kakashi tells her that Naruto and Sasuke have gone to have their last fight.
712)	They locate Naruto and Sasuke the following day at theValley of the End, both having lost an arm and unable to move.
713)	As she heals them, Sasuke tries to speak to her but she tells him not to so she can concentrate on healing them.
714)	Guilt-ridden, Sasuke apologises to Sakura for everything he's done and, after exclaiming him with criticism, she tearfully accepts his apology and Team 7 comes together for good, smiling and laughing.
715)	Sasuke pokes Sakura's forehead.
716)	After the war, Sasuke is pardoned for his crimes based on the good word of Naruto and Kakashi (who has been selected to become the Sixth Hokage).
717)	Sasuke leaves Konoha to wander the world on a journey of redemption and Sakura asks him to wait until his prosthesis arm is finished, but Sasuke declines.
718)	Sakura then offers to come with him.
719)	He again declines, explaining that his journey is one of atonement and that she has no part in that, leaving Sakura disappointed and gloomy.
720)	He then pokes her head, promising to see her again and thanks her, and Sakura blushes at the realisation that he is returning her feelings.
721)	Main article:Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy SkyA year after the end of the war, Sakura is part of a Konoha platoon sent to theBlood Prisonin anticipation of an attempted jailbreak by theRyūha Armament Alliance.
722)	When they get there, Sakura helps collect passengers ejected from the approachingTobishachimaruand then, after the Tobishachimaru crashes nearby, heals the survivors.
723)	Main article:Shikamaru Hiden: A Cloud Drifting in Silent DarknessTwo years after the end of the war, Naruto talks to Sakura aboutShikamaru Nara's recent cold behaviour.
724)	She reminds him that Shikamaru is working hard in preparation for Naruto someday becomingHokage, causing Naruto to wonder if he's worth whatever trouble Shikamaru is going through.
725)	When Shikamaru later goes missing in theLand of Silence, Naruto and Sakura join a combined Konoha andSunacoalition sent to rescue him.
726)	By the time they arrive,Temariis in combat with a brainwashed Sai; Sakura punches Sai away from Temari and then heals Temari's injury.
727)	After Shikamaru is saved and his mission is completed, Sakura is part of a force that stays behind to help the Land of Silence stabilise.
728)	Main article:The Last: Naruto the Movie
729)	Sakura freeing Naruto from genjutsu.
730)	Two years after the end of the war, Sakura noticesHinata Hyūgaworking on a scarf to give Naruto for theRinne Festival.
731)	Sakura encourages her, but warns her that Naruto may not have a real grasp of the love Hinata has for him.
732)	To that end, Sakura orchestrates some opportunities for Hinata and Naruto to spend time together, but due to Naruto's lack of understanding about love, none of them work.
733)	Shortly afterwards, Hinata's sister,Hanabi Hyūga, is kidnapped byToneri Ōtsutsukiand they are assigned to ateamsent to rescue her.
734)	They follow Toneri's trail to a cave and, when they enter it, they are trapped in a genjutsu.
735)	In the movie's novelisation, Sakura quickly identifies her dreams of Sasuke as just that, forces herself awake, and wakes up the rest of the team.
736)	At the end of the cave they find theGatekeeper, the creator of the genjutsu, which Sakura, Shikamaru, and Sai join forces to destroy.
737)	When they exit the cave, they find themselves in the middle of a vast landscape, what they later learn is the interior of theMoon.
738)	While resting after a day of exploring the nearby ruins, Hinata voluntarily joins with Toneri and Naruto is badly injured by Toneri while trying to stop her.
739)	Sakura spends three days of around-the-clock care to heal him, during which time Naruto talks in his sleep indicates to Sakura that he now shares Hinata's feelings.
740)	When he wakes up, Naruto visits Sakura as she recovers from her exhaustion, thanks her, and expresses his fears that Hinata fell in love with Toneri.
741)	Sakura reassures him that Hinata's feelings for him are too strong to change so suddenly and that she must have had some reason for going with Toneri.
742)	She further says she believes Naruto's crush on her was due to his desire to defeat Sasuke, whom she loves.
743)	When Sakura's ready, they storm Toneri's castle; Sai and Sakura go looking for Hanabi while Naruto and Shikamaru go looking for Hinata.
744)	While rescuing Hanabi, Sakura finds the tattered remains of the scarf Hinata made for Naruto, which she gives to him when they regroup.
745)	Toneri is defeated, Naruto and Hinata express their feelings for each other, and the team returns to Konoha.
746)	Main article:Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring BreezeWhen the Fourth Shinobi World War ended, Sakura assisted with healing those injured and displaced by the conflict.
747)	Although the adults recovered quickly and were put at peace by the end of hostilities, children struggled to recover from the stress of the War and the deaths of those they knew.
748)	In order to help them deal with this, Sakura andIno Yamanakaopened a clinic within theKonoha Hospitalthat would assess and treat children's mental health.
749)	The programme proves very successful, in part because Sakura works tirelessly to make it so, a dedication that worries her friends.
750)	Two years after the war ends, Sakura and Ino travel to Sunagakure to help the village lay the groundwork for its own mental health clinic; along the way, Ino tells her about the romantic relationships that their peers — Ino included — are getting involved in, causing Sakura to wonder about her long-distant relationship with Sasuke.
751)	In Suna, Sakura and Ino are called beforeGaara, who informs them of a man matching Sasuke's appearance and chakra signature that is evidently planning to destroy Konoha.
752)	They insist it has to be someone disguised as Sasuke, but can come up with no practical explanations for the man having Sasuke's chakra signature.
753)	Hoping to keep Sasuke's apparent plans a secret, Gaara asks Sakura to personally inform Kakashi of the plot against Konoha.
754)	Sakura and Ino do so as soon as they return to Konoha, and Kakashi shares their belief that it is an impostor.
755)	When, several days later, rumours of this impostor's actions start to spread, Kakashi sends a message Sasuke to ask if he knows anything about it, though Sasuke doesn't reply.
756)	Sakura becomes concerned about this and confides in Naruto, who hypothesises that Sasuke finds the rumours too ludicrous to give them any attention.
757)	Naruto's words put Sakura at ease.
758)	She meets with Tsunade to discuss possible ways of mimicking another person's chakra signature, and comes up with a theory of somebody extracting Sasuke's chakra from his skin and hair samples that have been gathered in large amounts.
759)	Sakura runs into Sai afterwards and she tells him her theory, which, based on information he came across during his own unrelated investigation intoKido Tsumiki, he believes to be true.
760)	"Because they are all evidently working on the same case, Kakashi makes them a team; Ino dubs themselves ""Ino–Saku–Sai""."
761)	While returning from interviews regarding Kido and his personalAnbu, Sakura comes across what is apparently Sasuke being arrested.
762)	She realises after she approaches that it's a genjutsu, but is injected with a drug that renders her unconscious before she can get away.
763)	Sakura wakes up to find herself bound and imprisoned.
764)	She tries to break out, but the drug she was injected with hinders her strength and chakra.
765)	Kido comes to visit her soon afterwards, explaining that he wants to draw Sasuke out with news of her kidnapping due to their romantic relationship.
766)	Once he's captured Sasuke, he'll kill Sakura to strengthen Sasuke'sSharingan, in turn making Kido's planned synthetic Sharingan more effective.
767)	Sakura keeps Kido engaged in the conversation while she gathers enough chakra to break free; having finally seen the Sasuke impostor, she tells Kido its many minor flaws that make it inferior to the original.
768)	When she's ready, Sakura breaks out of the basement, through the floors above, and finally the roof with a singleCherry Blossom Impact.
769)	Outside, she meets Sai and Ino and teams up with them against Kido and his men.
770)	Sakura is drawn into a fight with the Sasuke impostor, who chokes her using his one of Kido's synthetictailed beastcloaks.
771)	Sakura breaks free and, as she beats him unconscious, warns him to never impersonate Sasuke again.
772)	She regroups with her teammates and decide to find the rest of Kido's henchmen, but find them defeated by fire and genjutsu, and they realise this is Sasuke's doing and he had just disappeared.
773)	Although saddened, he didn't at least say hello, Sakura is happy that Sasuke does care about her enough to rush back to the village to save her.
774)	After turning Kido over to Ibiki for interrogation, Sakura resumes her duties and decides to wait for Sasuke's return, which she believes is imminent, so she can talk to him.
775)	"The final page implies that Sasuke returned to the village to be with Sakura, as he says ""I'm home, Sakura."""
776)	Main articles:Konoha Hiden (novel)andKonoha Hiden (anime)While looking for a present to give to Naruto and Hinata for their wedding, Sakura finds a picture frame that she thinks would be perfect.
777)	Ino finds the exact same picture frame at the exact same moment, and their fight over who will buy it causes both of them to be expelled from the store, neither of them able to purchase the picture frame.
778)	Ino blames Sakura for what's happened, insisting Sakura's unnatural strength and large forehead make her uncouth and, more particularly, unlikely to ever be married.
779)	Sakura is deeply insulted by the accusation and challenges Ino to a cooking competition to prove that she would make a good wife.
780)	Sakura congratulating Naruto and Hinata on their marriage.
781)	Sakura and Ino make their ownsoldier pills; Sakura puts pudding, Ino's favourite dessert, into hers so that Ino will have no choice but to approve of her recipe.
782)	When she meets Ino the next day, however, she finds that Ino wants to useChōji Akimichias an impartial judge.
783)	Chōji samples each of their soldier pills and finds them so delicious that he starts putting them into his mouth by the handful.
784)	He soon collapses to the ground with blood running from his nose.
785)	Both suspect that the other poisoned their soldier pills, so sample them in order to identify the poison and thus save Chōji.
786)	Neither can taste poison, but they do taste their favourite desserts: Ino loves the pudding in Sakura's and Sakura loves the anmitsu in Ino's.
787)	Chōji gets up soon afterwards, having finally recovered from his blood sugar overload, and he praises both of their soldier pills.
788)	Sakura and Ino reflect on their like-mindedness and how their competitions always push each other to be better.
789)	They, therefore, decide to go shopping together, helping each other find a gift even better than a picture frame.
790)	Sakura later attends Naruto and Hinata's wedding by herself, but thinks about Sasuke travelling somewhere.
791)	Main articles:Sasuke Shinden (novel)andSasuke Shinden (anime)Sakura is summoned into Kakashi's office, along with Naruto and Sai, on the disappearances of Kumo and Kiri shinobi.
792)	Sakura informs Kakashi that she had been doing some research of her own and she discovered several Konoha shinobi have disappeared, including a family friend of Ino's.
793)	When Kakashi tells them that Sasuke is investigating the disappearances, Sakura reacts with anxiety at the mention of his name due to her being frustrated towards their long distant relationship.
794)	Konoha is attacked and Sakura and the others discover the attackers are the missing shinobi, who are under a genjutsu.
795)	The ringleader of the assault is Ino's family friend, Taidachi.
796)	Sakura helps Naruto, Sai, Hinata, Shikamaru, Ino, and Chōji deduce that the shinobi will explode upon being injured, so they come up with a new strategy; Shikamaru uses his Shadow Imitation Technique and Hinata uses her Gentle Fist to render them motionless.
797)	Ino tries to use her Mind Body Switch Technique on Taidaichi, but falls under a genjutsu trap; Aoba saves her, but both pass out.
798)	Sakura heals them, as well as the rest of those injured in the attack.
799)	When Sakura learns Sasuke captured the ones responsible for the events and helped change their ways to repent, Sakura, although being tired of waiting for Sasuke to come home, is proud of Sasuke for how much he has accomplished to redeem himself.
800)	Sakura is mentioned in a letter written by Naruto and given to Sasuke while he is on his journey.
801)	In it, Sakura compares his current duties of protecting the village from the shadows to that of his childhood dream of joining the Konoha Military Police Force.
802)	It is Sakura's words in the letter that compels Sasuke to decide to return to Konoha and be with her.
803)	"The end of the novel strongly implies that they reunited some time afterwards, as Sakura says ""Welcome home, Sasuke."""
804)	Sakura comforting Sarada during Sasuke's absence.
805)	When Sakura and Sasuke began dating, they had their first date overlooking the ocean, though it only lasted for two and a half minutes.[81]Four years after the war, Sakura, now pregnant, accompanied her husband, Sasuke, on his travelling, as she refused to leave his side.
806)	When she went into labour, Sasuke brought her to one of Orochimaru's hideouts and hadKarinhelp with the delivery.
807)	Sakura gave birth to their daughter,Sarada, and returned to Konoha with her family.
808)	Afterwards, Sakura and Sasuke raised their daughter together for some time, but he left the village on a mission to investigate Kaguya, leaving their daughter with few memories of him.[82]When Sarada asked about Sasuke, Sakura assured her that he loved them both.
809)	Promising that he'd come home after completing his mission, Sakura poked her forehead.
810)	Eventually, she became director of the Medical Clinic and its top healer.
811)	She also began giving separate lessons to genin in medical ninjutsu.[83]At the time Naruto became Hokage, Sakura watched his inauguration with Sarada.
812)	Later, Sakura attended aFive Kage Summitwith her husband, who informed the Kage about uncovering evidence of Kaguya forming a newWhite Zetsu Armyin order to face some greater threat.
813)	Agreeing to keep this information secret and wanting to safeguard the future of their daughter and the new generation, Sasuke continues his wanderings as he tries to find more information, using his Rinnegan to inspect other dimensions.
814)	Main article:Academy Entrance Arc
815)	Sakura and Shino assisting citizens during Nue's attack.
816)	In the anime, as the village began getting constant attacks from anunknown culprit, Sakura treated a Konoha Purification Plant worker who had his chakra drained in the Konoha hospital.
817)	When the culprit behind the attacks was revealed to beSumire Kakei, a unit was deployed to apprehend her.
818)	The rogue student unleashedNueonto the village.
819)	While Kakashi organised the unit to defend from its attack, Sakura worked with a unit to treat the injured.
820)	Main article:Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage and the Scarlet Spring
821)	Sakura is irritated by Sarada's questions.
822)	In the anime, Sakura is about to go on a trip with Ino but as Sakura begins to leave, she realises that a patient's teddy bear, which she brought home so that she could sew it, has not been picked up yet.
823)	Sakura promised to return the bear that day, but Sarada promises that she will do it for her.
824)	Later, Sakura and Ino go to the seaside cliff, where Sakura and Sasuke went on their first date.
825)	Ino asks Sakura if Sasuke contacted her.
826)	Sakura says no, wondering what Sasuke is doing at the moment.
827)	Later that night, Sakura arrives home and asks Sarada if she returned the teddy bear, with Sarada commenting it was easy.
828)	Sarada asks Sakura how her trip was, and Sakura calls it wonderful.
829)	As Sarada's graduation from the Academy approaches, Sarada starts asking Sakura about Sasuke with greater earnest.
830)	Sakura struggles to answer questions about Sasuke's childhood in order to hide his past from Sarada, leading Sarada to question if Sasuke and Sakura are even married.
831)	This upsets Sakura and she punches the ground, which then inadvertently destroys their house.
832)	Sakura faints at the realisation of what she's done.
833)	She later wakes up to find herself in the care ofShizune, who informs her that Sarada has left the village to look for Sasuke and also tells her about Sarada's doubts on her parentage.
834)	After chuckling at her daughter's recklessness, Sakura goes after her.
835)	Sakura attacks Shin.
836)	Sakura arrives in time to save her family fromShin Uchiha, rupturing his organs in the process.
837)	Sakura apologises to Sarada for not being more open with her, but Sasuke insists that he's to blame.
838)	Acreaturethenteleportsher and the two Shin's to hishideout.
839)	There, Shin holds her hostage and asks her to transplant the organs from his injuredsoninto him, which she refuses.
840)	While Shin is performing the surgery himself, Sakura is disgusted about his philosophy regarding his clones and declares he has no idea what it's like to be a real parent.
841)	When the surgery is completed, Sakura reveals she was pretending to be a helpless hostage to get information on Shin for Sasuke, and she begins fighting him.
842)	When Sasuke arrives, he saves Sakura and pulls some scalpels out of her, and she thanks him.
843)	After the clones stab Shin, Sakura stands in front of Sarada as they prepare to attack, but Sarada launches herself towards them and subdues them with her strength.
844)	With the fighting done, Sakura hugs Sarada and expresses relief that she is alright, before confirming that they are biologically related.
845)	Sasuke accompanies them back to Konoha and spends some time with Sakura and Sarada, even posing for a family photo that their home has been missing.
846)	Sakura and Sarada see him off as he leaves Konoha again; when Sarada becomes sad, Sasuke hugs her and pokes her forehead, promising to return as Sakura looks on with a smile.
847)	Sakura then gives him a prepared lunch and hopes for a kiss in return, but he departs without further comment while smirking, depressing Sakura as she waves goodbye.
848)	Main articles:Naruto Shinden: Parent and Child DayandParent and Child Day ArcNOTE:In the anime, the events of this arc occur after theMitsuki's Disappearance Arc.
849)	Sakura and her family enjoy a meal together.
850)	During the new Konohagakure holiday, Parent and Child Day, Sakura had to spend much of her time at the hospital.
851)	Later the day, she found to her shock that Sasuke had returned to the village.
852)	He discussed with her his problem in connecting with Sarada.
853)	Sakura noted that having spent much of Sarada's life away and only hearing stories about Sasuke and his various exploits, Sarada probably became disillusioned at who Sasuke was as a person and his attempts at being a dotting father seemed lame.
854)	Ultimately, Sakura suggested that he should approach Sarada more like how Sasuke's relationship was with his father and brother back in the day; just enjoying the time they have together and talk about their goals.
855)	Later that night, the Uchiha family enjoyed a hearty meal together.
856)	Main article:Graduation Exams ArcIn the anime, Sakura noticed Sarada's lack of excitement over going camping, and her complaints about Boruto reminded her of her own complaints about Naruto during their Academy days.
857)	When Sarada's class began preparing for theGenin Exams, Sakura joined her daughter to discuss her progress and future goals with Shino.
858)	Main articles:Boruto: Naruto the MovieandVersus Momoshiki Arc
859)	Sakura protects spectators from the falling debris.
860)	Several months later, when Sarada leaves to train for the upcomingChūnin Exams, Sakura sees her off.
861)	Before she goes, Sarada notes that Sakura must be happy since Sasuke has come back to Konoha, to which Sakura replies that Sarada must be the happiest.
862)	Later, during the exams' final matches, Sakura watches withTemariandIno, cheering loudly when Sarada wins her first match.
863)	The finals are interrupted by an attack fromKinshikiandMomoshiki Ōtsutsuki, who proceed to destroy the stadium; Sakura punches the falling debris above her, creating a shockwave strong enough to destroy it to protect herself and the other spectators.
864)	After Kinshiki and Momoshiki kidnap Naruto, Sakura healsHinata, who was badly injured in her failed attempt to save him.
865)	When Boruto prepares to join Sasuke in rescuing Naruto, Sakura carries Hinata to him so that she can reason with him; however, seeing Boruto reminds Hinata, like Sakura, of a younger Naruto, she allows him to go.
866)	Naruto is successfully rescued and life returns to normal when he gets back to Konoha.
867)	As Sarada and herteamleave for a mission, Sakura watches them with Sasuke.
868)	Main articles:Sasuke Retsuden,Sasuke Retsuden (manga)andSasuke Retsuden ArcNOTE:In the anime, the events of this arc occur before theAcademy Entrance Arc.When Naruto became afflicted with an unknown illness, Sasuke went to theLand of Redakuafter learning stories that the Sage of Six Paths suffered from the same illness and found a cure there.
869)	When Kakashi learned additional information, he sent Sakura to help Sasuke after he was unable to update him through messenger hawk.
870)	Sakura infiltrated theAstronomy Research Instituteas a prison doctor to contact Sasuke, becoming popular with the inmates for her beauty and kindness.
871)	She discovered Sasuke after he foughtMenōand treated his poisoned wound, collecting a sample for testing.
872)	"Sakura updated Sasuke on Kakashi's discovery aboutpolar particlesbeing the cure, and how the Sage hid two portions in ""the sky that fell to the Earth"" and ""the star that never strays"", and that to find them, one must ""revel with the map of the heavens""."
873)	She theorised that Naruto's illness is due to being a jinchūriki.
874)	Sasuke urged her to leave over the unusual dangers of the mission, but she was determined to support him.
875)	He hid himself withJijiarrived to treat his burst blisters, but revealed himself when Jiji flirted with Sakura.
876)	Sakura claimed that she took the job to get closer to her husband, as the prison didn't allow visitors.
877)	Jiji believed them, and Sakura helped Sasuke get back to his cell, later pointing him to a prison that could further their investigation.
878)	Sakura and Sasuke investigate the book's artwork.
879)	Discovering thatPenjira, a prisoner who worked as a library attendant, might know something, Sakura approached him, claiming an interest in astronomy.
880)	He determined the book she wanted was in a secure section in the basement.
881)	Appealing to his love of gambling, Sakura played cards with him.
882)	She refused Sasuke's offer to help by casting genjutsu, and memorising the wear of the cards to always draw, got him to give her the key.
883)	That night, Sasuke slipped a ring he made with Earth Release so others wouldn't flirt with her, Sakura fawning over it.
884)	Searching the books, they discovered an art style similar to Sai's, not native to the country.
885)	The art seemed to be the basis of the card game she played with Penjira, and revealed a connection to constellations, an old note also having a Konoha emblem.
886)	Sasuke trusted her decrypt the code, and days later, she slipped him the decrypted code representing dates, and asked him to meet her.
887)	Meeting with Sasuke, he revealed his discovery that the Hoshinarabe game was based off the history of the Sage of Six Paths and the Tailed Beasts.
888)	Sakura explained that a messenger from the capital was arriving to meet with Zansūru.
889)	Sakura knocked him out and disguised herself as him, while Sasuke transformed into his staff.
890)	As Sakura conversed with Zansūru in his office, Sasuke snuck away through Zansūru's back door.
891)	Sakura and Sasuke incapacitate Fundaru.
892)	Later while talking withGanno, who realised that Sasuke was her husband, Sakura realised the card game was also based off the 12 signs of Ninjutsu and that its strongest hand was the key to decode the Map of the Heavens.
893)	She quickly rushed to tell Sasuke over findings.
894)	"In turn, Sasuke revealed where they could find the ""Sky that fell to Earth"" half of the meteor."
895)	As the two found the site, Sasuke offhandedly asked Sakura if she would like an authentic wedding ring, Sakura politely declined.
896)	Sasuke admitted to Sakura his regret in not being around more over the years since marrying each other.
897)	Sakura assured him their bond was undeniable.
898)	As Sakura took out the playing cards to decipher the seal, Sasuke noted the back of the cards had a lizard on a rock.
899)	Sakura noted how long ago there were dragonic creatures that went extinct after a meteor crashed on the planet.
900)	Sakura is subdued by Jiji.
901)	As Sakura performed the hand seals to reveal the polar particles, Sasuke realised the truth behindZansūru's plan.
902)	Suddenly several ancient dragons took to the sky, which Sasuke deduced were summoned by the Impure World Reincarnation Technique.
903)	Sakura headed back to the institute at Sasuke's instruction, taking the particles with her.
904)	After Sakura aided many of the inmates to safety, she found Jiji.
905)	She asked Jiji where Zansūru was, who insisted he was in the courtyard.
906)	Suddenly, Jiji stabbed Sakura with a poisoned kunai, revealing himself to be in league with Zansūru.
907)	As Sakura collapsed, he took the particles, explaining that other goal in the excavation was to find the particles as it was difficult to revive multiple dragons without them.
908)	He proceeded to use the particles to revive a giant dragon beast.
909)	Sakura leading the dragon beasts away.
910)	Sakura woke up beneath the debris and realised she couldn't properly infuse her chakra due to Jiji's poison, therefore making her unable to use her superhuman strength to escape.
911)	She began tearing up and thought of Sasuke during her supposed final moments.
912)	When she regained consciousness, however, Sakura found out she was saved by Sasuke, who explained that he located her thanks to the chakra flowing within his Earth Release wedding ring she was given.
913)	They split up as Sakura focused on saving the inmates while Sasuke and Menō battled the dragon beasts.
914)	Sakura also led many of the dragon beasts away in one direction before defeating several of them by crushing the ground beneath them with her superhuman strength.
915)	After making an exit for the inmates, Sakura's path was blocked by Jiji, who used anEarth-Style Wallto prevent her from escaping.
916)	Sakura suddenly collapsed, with Jiji explaining that his poison had a side-effect of causing paralysis.
917)	When Jiji started to walk towards her, however, he found that his feet would not move.
918)	On inspection, he noticed a trap buried in the earth that Sakura evidently placed for him.
919)	On even closer inspection, he saw that the trap connected to a seal on his wrist.
920)	Jiji couldn't understand where the seal would have come from, so Sakura explained that she placed it on him the first time he visited the infirmary: she immediately noticed that he had too much chakra to be a normal prisoner, so placed the seal as a precaution.
921)	As Jiji explained his motives for helping Zansūru, wanting to resurrect his supposedly-deceased fiancéeMargo, Sakura admitted that although she might also have been tempted to help Zansūru in his position, she disapproved of the entire plan, as she firmly believed that Margo wouldn't want to be resurrected like that.
922)	Sasuke recognised the name and showed Jiji a letter from Kakashi Hatake, which details how Redaku'sPrime Ministerwas overthrown byPrince Nanara, with some help from Margo.
923)	Jiji started to cry at the realisation that Zansūru manipulated him.
924)	After performing the hand seals to release the reincarnation technique, Sakura was attacked by one of the dragon beasts that was slowly disintegrating, but Jiji jumped in front of her to take the attack, leaving him in critical condition.
925)	As Jiji struggled with his injuries, Sakura desperately attempted to heal him, saying that he couldn't die now that he learned Margo was alive and urged him to stay alive for Margo's sake, and Sakura ultimately managed to prevent Jiji from dying.
926)	Sakura and Sasuke reaffirming their bond.
927)	After the mission ended, Sakura returned to Konoha and went out for drinks with Ino as they hadn't seen each other for a while due to Sakura's long stay at the Land of Redaku.
928)	Ino noticed Sakura's ring and inquired her about it, who didn't elaborate it beyond saying Sasuke made it with Earth Release.
929)	Later that night, Sakura looked up to the moon, and claimed that although she didn't know where Sasuke was, she, as well as Sasuke, didn't worry about their bond growing weaker, knowing that they would forever love each other.
930)	Main article:Mitsuki's Disappearance ArcIn the anime, when Mitsuki seemingly betrayed the village by attacking two gate guards, the village was put on lockdown.
931)	Sakura was in charge of treating the injured men.
932)	As one of them began to recover and show signs of regaining consciousness, Sakura gave the report toYuritoto be delivered to the Hokage.
933)	Meanwhile, Boruto and Sarada left the village without authorisation to find Mitsuki.
934)	While Hinata was worried about the consequences of their children's actions, Sakura insisted that they knew what their actions could lead to but still had faith they would be okay.
935)	Later, suspecting that the attacks would make another attempt to kill the recovering guards to cover their tracks, Moegi disguised herself as one.
936)	The suspicions proved correct as a brainwashedYuritotried to poison her.
937)	Despite Moegi and Sakura cornering him, Yurito used the poison as a smokescreen to escape.
938)	Ultimately, Yurito is captured and freed from his brainwashing, but falls victim to the enemies'Explosive Claytrap to cover their tracks.
939)	As Sakura treats the deeply injured Yurito, she gives Naruto permission to briefly talk with the recovering guards.
940)	Later, Sarada joined Boruto in retrieving Mitsuki, who apparently betrayed the village.
941)	When the genin returned, an angry but relieved Sakura hugged her daughter as a welcome.
942)	Main article:Time Slip ArcAfter Sasuke helped in deliveringShukakusafely to the village, he was given some downtime.
943)	While Sakura was happy to have her husband back, she was dismayed by how little time he spent at home.
944)	Regardless, she decided to make his favourite dinner to welcome him home.
945)	Meanwhile, as Sasuke and Boruto were sent back in time to shortly after Sasuke's defection, past-Sakura bumped into the two.
946)	Fearing changing the future from interacting with his future wife, Sasuke decided to keep his distance.
947)	Sakura noted how similar Naruto and Boruto where, which the two bluntly denied.
948)	Later, Sakura joined her friends in helping Boruto and Naruto clean up a bathhouse to make up for the commotion Naruto and Jiraiya caused there.
949)	A young Sakura finds Sarada's letter.
950)	Days later, as Sakura was returning home from another gruelling session of training with Tsunade, she bumped into adult Sasuke.
951)	He quickly apologised and rushed off, dropping a piece of paper in the process (a letter from Sarada).
952)	Sakura looked at the contents.
953)	While it was revealed to be a letter with the message smeared too much to read, Sakura made out Sasuke's name written on it.
954)	Suspecting that Boruto knew something about Sasuke, she decided to confront him about it.
955)	Boruto, nervous about being found out, simply said that he knew a different Sasuke than the one she knew.
956)	While seeing that he was hiding something, Sakura decided to drop the subject with Boruto, instead finding the stranger's teacher to ask him directly.
957)	She later found the mysterious man battle anunknown assailantalongside Boruto and Jiraiya, who was after Naruto.
958)	When Sasuke's efforts proved futile thanks to his continued fatigue and the foe's strange abilities, he tackled the man into the river with him.
959)	While the man emerged unharmed but fuming at Sasuke's interference, Sakura fished Sasuke out of the river and hid him while using her new medical ninjutsu to treat him.
960)	Eventually, Sasuke awoke, accidentally addressing her by name.
961)	As she began to ask him questions, her efforts to heal Sasuke overtaxed her and she fainted.
962)	Sasuke gently laid her down before going to help his allies.
963)	Days later, after Urashiki was defeated and Sasuke and the others were discharged from the hospital, Sasuke and Boruto were ready to leave.
964)	"Before they could, they were approached by Sakura again, still determined to learn ""the stranger's"" connection to Sasuke."
965)	As Sasuke fumbled to find an excuse, Jiraiya chimed in, giving an elaborate story about how they were avid fans of his and wanted to train under him, hence the injuries.
966)	Sakura ultimately accepted the story, finding the traveller strange.
967)	Before leaving, Sasuke used his Sharingan toeraseSakura's memories, along with everyone else of the past, of the recent events to protect the timeline.
968)	After Sasuke and Boruto returned to the present, Sasuke found his wife sleeping at the table, waiting for him.
969)	After she awoke and greeted him, she decided to make him some food, to which Sasuke warmly thanked her.
970)	Main article:Kara Actuation ArcIn the anime, whenTeam 7was defeated byDeepa, the genin were brought back to the village for emergency care.
971)	As Sakura worked on Boruto, Shizune worked on Sarada.
972)	After a successful operation on both genin, Sakura voiced her concerns for the mental impact of the defeat on them.
973)	Three days later, Sarada and Boruto disappeared from their respective rooms in the hospital.
974)	Sakura however quickly deduced that the two would meet up with Konohamaru andMuginowho were ready for a mission to investigate Kara.
975)	To her relieve however, the children merely wanted to voice their trust in the older ninja to handle the mission while they would stay behind and commit themselves to grow stronger with hard training.
976)	Sakura conflicted on Sarada's rigorous training.
977)	Later, as Sarada sought intense training from Sasuke, Sakura watched from afar in concern for her daughter.
978)	As she continued to observe the gruelling conditions her daughter was going through, Sakura confronted her family.
979)	She voiced her concern that Sarada was pushing herself too hard after just recovering, and even more horrified to hear her talk about the Mangekyō Sharingan.
980)	While Sakura insisted that she couldn't push herself so recklessly, Sarada was furious to hear her mother baby her, refusing to see why she wanted to get stronger, and stormed off.
981)	Alone with her husband, Sakura admitted that, as a mother, she couldn't handle the thought of Sarada being injured again like she did.
982)	Likewise, she feared the path Sarada could potentially walk if she were to acquire the Mangekyō Sharingan.
983)	Sasuke insisted that, as parents, they have to prepare Sarada as much as possible for the world, and that she is strong as they were back then.
984)	Unable to fully accept Sasuke's view, Sakura was left depressed.
985)	Later that night, Ino and Hinata decided to take Sakura out on a girls' night out to talk.
986)	They insisted that, as mothers themselves, they too feared for their children's well-being, but they had to have faith that they were strong and could endure.
987)	Ino insisted that Sakura as a child had drive that pushed her forward, and Sarada inherited as much from Sakura as she did from Sasuke.
988)	Ino's words managed to cheer up Sakura.
989)	Sakura trains Sarada.
990)	The following day, Sakura decided to oversee Sarada's training personally.
991)	She insisted that just blindly facing the challenge wouldn't yield any results.
992)	She placed Sarada into a sparing match with her, quickly overwhelming her.
993)	Sakura then pointed out Sarada's biggest flaws.
994)	Sarada's chakra control was still underdeveloped, quickly burning through it in her various actions and unleashing it randomly when attacking; this affected both her combat performance and development of her Sharingan.
995)	Sarada's second problem was that her resolve was still too frail, fearing defeat.
996)	Determined to break past her limits, Sarada faced down Sakura again, using her Sharingan to mimic the movements and general timing of Sakura's attacks to reach a standstill.
997)	As Sakura tearfully criticised Sarada's recklessness, she was proud to see her daughter's inner strength was like her own, deciding to put Sarada through the same gruelling combat training Tsunade did to her to improve her chakra control.
998)	Main article:Ao ArcIn the anime, Sakura attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War.
999)	Main article:Kawaki Arc
1000)	Sakura heals Sasuke.
1001)	While buying flowers atYamanaka Flowersfor Sasuke's imminent return,Inodisapproved the idea of a husband who is almost never home, to which Sakura responded that she only wanted him to return to the village safely despite feeling lonely at times.
1002)	When Sarada came to ask Sakura about herforehead seal, she explained and revealed that it had existed since the age of theSage of Six Paths.
1003)	She also revealed Sasuke was returning home when Ino suddenly trembled upon sensing a sinister chakra nearNaruto, much to Sakura's shock.
1004)	Sarada left the shop, telling Sakura that she was going home.
1005)	Later, when she was on her way back from the flower shop, Sakura found an injured Sasuke who teleported behind her on the road, again shocking her.
1006)	She took him to the hospital and proceeded to heal him, saving him from his critical injuries.
1007)	After Sasuke and Naruto made a full recovery, Sarada and her team were treated as well due to making a daring rescue of Naruto.
1008)	Sarada explained to her parents how during their battle againstBoro, it was only thanks to a strange new evolution of Boruto's Kāma that they were able to defeat him.
1009)	She noted that Boruto not only sprouted a horn and manifested aByakuganin his right eye with his massive increase in power, but even was acting differently.
1010)	This concerned Sasuke, but Sakura told her daughter to rest.
1011)	Sakura discussing the aftermath of the battle with Isshiki.
1012)	Later, in the anime, afterIsshiki Ōtsutsukiwas defeated at the cost of Sasuke'sRinneganandKurama, Sakura aided Katasuke in testing Naruto's body for any remaining traces of Kurama and its capacities, only to find none.
1013)	While Sakura was dismayed to admit this, Naruto firmly chose to not wallow over it, feeling that Kurama would ridicule him for it.
1014)	Main article:Chūnin Re-Examination ArcIn the anime, Konoha held another Chūnin Exam.
1015)	Sarada was one of four chūnin promoted by the end of it, much to Sakura's and Sasuke's joy.
1016)	Days later, Sakura commented on how Sarada taking over as team captain meant Konohamaru would no longer be part of their team, something Sarada was having trouble accepting.
1017)	When Mirai returned to the village poisoned from what was supposed to be a simple mission, Sakura treated her until she could report what had happened.
1018)	Main article:Kawaki & Himawari Academy ArcIn the anime, Sakura listened toHana Kakain the hospital as she explained how her other personality had been the assassin afterKae Yukiwari, and her decision to live with the other personality, teach her, and befriend her.
1019)	Main article:Labyrinth Game ArcIn the anime, Sakura informed Sarada of Sasuke's departure with Boruto to procure a new messenger hawk.
1020)	While Sarada was annoyed, Sakura advised her to make peace with Sasuke departing and returning suddenly, though her own frustration showed through when she destroyed a shuriken target.
1021)	Main article:Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of SnowTeam 7 is sent on a mission to protect the actress,Yukie Fujikaze, as she travels to theLand of Snow.
1022)	During the course of the mission, Sakura encountersMizore Fuyukumaseveral times.
1023)	She eventually uses theSakura Blizzard Techniqueto distract him while Sasuke hurlsFubuki Kakuyokuinto Mizore, causing theirChakra Armoursto explode.
1024)	"When the Land of Snow is converted to the ""Land of Spring"", Sakura and Sasuke watch it together."
1025)	Main article:Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of GelelNaruto, Sakura, andShikamaru Naraare sent to deliverNeruguito its rightful owners.
1026)	When they arrive at the village where Nerugui's owners live, they are attacked byTemujin's warriors, who wield the power of theStone of Gelel.
1027)	Sakura is eventually forced to fight the wolf-likeFugai; she uses metal pillars to reflect Fugai's ear-splitting howl, thus causing the pillars to collapse on her and kill her.
1028)	Main article:Naruto the Movie: Guardians of the Crescent Moon KingdomNaruto, Sakura, andRock Leeare assigned to protect theLand of the Moon's prince during his world trip.
1029)	During the mission, she's makes several uses of the medical ninjutsu and increased physical strength she gained from training with Tsunade, the latter particularly in her fights withKarenbana.
1030)	Sakura struggles against Karenbana during their first encounter because of Karenbana's ability to turn invisible.
1031)	During their second meeting, Sakura notices how much perfume Karenbana wears, helping her to defend herself.
1032)	Later in the fight she breaks a chandelier, scattering glass across the floor that allows her to find Karenbana and knock her out.
1033)	Main article:Naruto Shippūden the MovieNaruto, Sakura, and Lee are led on a mission byNeji Hyūgato escortShion, the head priestess of theLand of Demons.
1034)	When they arrive at the tomb ofMōryō, they are forced to fight theGang of Four, who they eventually drive off.
1035)	Sakura later tries to carry Shion to safety, but they are followed byKusunaand Sakura is injected withSecret Anaesthesia.
1036)	Once she recovers, she helps her team defeat Kusuna and his men.
1037)	Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: BondsDuring theLand of the Sky's attack on Konoha, Sakura heals the injured who are brought to the hospital.
1038)	Afterwards, Naruto, Sakura, andHinata Hyūgaare assigned to escortAmaruandShinnōback to their village.
1039)	During their journey, Amaru's body is possessed by theZero-Tails; despite trying to fight it, Sakura is defeated.
1040)	Naruto leaves Sakura behind as he goes after Amaru.
1041)	Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of FireSakura is part of a team sent to investigate the most recent in a series of kidnappings of people withkekkei genkai.
1042)	During the investigation, Naruto and Sai are injured by strange animals.
1043)	Sakura heals them and, when they get back to Konoha, forces them to spend some time in the hospital.Hirukolater declares war on the ninja villages and Sakura is assigned to secure Konoha's borders.
1044)	When she learns that Kakashi has defected and that Naruto has been imprisoned to stop him from going after Kakashi, she helps him escape and accompanies him.
1045)	When they, with help from Shikamaru andSai, find Kakashi — who is under Hiruko's control — they fight Hiruko's chimeric animals, save Kakashi, and ultimately Hiruko is defeated.
1046)	Main article:Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Lost TowerTeam 7 goes to the ruins ofRōranto captureMukade.
1047)	While fighting Mukade, Naruto andYamatovanish, only to reappear immediately afterwards with no memory of what they've just been through.
1048)	When they leave Rōran they are approached by agirl, whosemothermet Naruto when he was sent to the past.
1049)	Though he's unaware of this, Naruto claims he saw the girl in a good dream he had, causing Sakura to pull his ear and call him a pervert.
1050)	Main article:Naruto the Movie: Blood PrisonWhen Naruto is accused of trying to assassinate theFourth Raikage, Sakura is surprised and is the only member of Team 7 to try and argue for his innocence.
1051)	Despite this, he is imprisoned in theBlood Prison.
1052)	Sakura is later part of a force sent to the Blood Prison to rescue Naruto, and while there helps capture escaping prisoners.
1053)	Naruto is badly injured during the ordeal and Sakura is unable to heal him, forcingRyūzetsuto save him instead with herDragon Life Reincarnation; Sakura then tries and fails to revive Ryūzetsu.
1054)	When they get back to Konoha, Sakura asks Naruto if her earlier surprise was convincing, as the entire thing was staged.
1055)	Main article:Road to Ninja: Naruto the MovieSakura and the rest of theKonoha 11successfully defend Konoha from anAkatsukiattack.
1056)	When they return to the village, Sakura's parents,MebukiandKizashi Haruno, embarrass her with their concern for her safety.
1057)	She meets with Naruto later to complain about her parents' protectiveness.
1058)	As they talk, they are attacked byTobi, who uses theLimited Tsukuyomito send them to aGenjutsu Worldwhere their dreams come true: Naruto has his parents and Sakura doesn't have hers.
1059)	She enjoys it for a while — especially because her parents died saving the village and thus Sakura gets special treatment from the villagers — but she eventually starts to experience the loneliness of not having parents that Naruto has known for his entire life.
1060)	Sakura is eventually kidnapped byMenmaon Tobi's instructions and the Genjutsu World's Akatsuki is hired to rescue her.
1061)	Sakura then saves Naruto from Menma who in turn saves her from Tobi, thus breaking the Limited Tsukuyomi.
1062)	Back home again, Sakura rushes to her parents and hugs them, glad to be back.
1063)	Sakura Haruno is a playable character in the following video games:
1064)	In many video games set during Part I, Inner Sakura is featured prominently in Sakura's movesets due to Sakura's lack of a defining fighting style; games vary between using Inner Sakura as a genjutsu or as an actual physical embodiment.
1065)	Sakura is also one of severalNarutocharacters to appear in the story mode ofJ-Stars Victory VS.
1066)	Sakura is featured in the online game,Fortnite, in her Part II outfit as a playable skin.
1067)	Although Sakura is the most recurring female character inNaruto,Masashi Kishimotodid not originally intend for Sakura to be the heroine of the series.
1068)	Kishimoto attributes this to his being unable to draw good heroine characters, and fashioned Sakura as a girl who cannot understand men, the best example of a heroine he could come up with.
1069)	"Sakura's creation is a result of Kishimoto's desire to make a somewhat irritating character who was well-intentioned.[84]Despite these elements, Kishimoto is fond of Sakura, as he feels that many of her personality traits are common among all people, thus giving her a sense of real humanity.[85]When asked in an interview if there is something about Sakura's background that was never revealed, Kishimoto explains that he has never thought of Sakura as she is a ""normal girl.""[86]"
1070)	When designing Sakura, Kishimoto focused on her silhouette and created a costume as simple as possible.
1071)	This is a divergence from the other main characters of the series, whose costumes are very detailed.
1072)	The leggings are the most notable aspect of her design, as they are meant to show that she is very active.[84]At the start of the series her leggings extended below her knees and closely resembled trousers.
1073)	"As Part I progressed, the leggings became increasingly shorter and tighter.[87]Similar to his inexperience with drawing heroines, Kishimoto lacked the experience needed to make Sakura ""cute"" when he first began drawing her."
1074)	"Although he implies that her appearance has become cuter since then, Kishimoto and much of theNarutomanga staff agree that Sakura was ""far from cute"" at the start of the series.[84][88]"
1075)	Sakura's most well-known physical characteristic is her broad forehead.
1076)	Because of this, Kishimoto at times focuses too much effort on drawing it in scenes or promotional artwork where Sakura is featured prominently.
1077)	This results in her forehead appearing too large.[88]When designing Sakura in her Part II appearance, Kishimoto decided to change her clothes to a more lively karate suit style.
1078)	The upper part, though, still has a Chinaesque feeling to it, so as to make her more feminine.[89]
1079)	Kishimoto's staff have said that Sakura's pink hair was originally intended to give her a unique style and to resemble cherry blossoms, after which she is named.[citation needed]
1080)	Initially, Sakura was an insecure and highly self-conscious individual but someone who is polite towards her superiors and considerate of her peers.
1081)	She was also highly competitive when it came to her childhood friend Ino, but otherwise she is quite collected.
1082)	She usually masked her feelings, but at times, she has been shown to be jealous, delinquent and angry.
1083)	She often was shown as someone who bullied others, as seen when she usually underestimated Naruto.
1084)	As she was hopelessly in love with Sasuke, she pinched Naruto for the slightest pranks he tried to pull at Sasuke which depicts her obnoxious personality.
1085)	It was after seeing Naruto’s determination to bring back Sasuke that led Sakura to change her perception.
1086)	As time progressed, Sakura grew up to be a more mature individual when she was exposed to the realities of the world.
1087)	Her inner Sakura has stopped making appearances since then.
1088)	She became more thoughtful of her friends and got ready to make sacrifices for them.
1089)	She aspired to become as strong as Tsunade when she trained under her guidance.
1090)	She is always kind to everyone and her medic role fits her as she likes helping people.
1091)	Sakura is now a strong-willed individual and a kind mother to her daughter Sarada, while she is still devoted equally to protecting the village.
1092)	Personality…intelligent, courageous, and compassionate.
1093)	Though her quick temper might make her easily irritated with others, Sakura has a kind heart underneath, caring for her friends above all.
1094)	With her sharp mind and willingness to sacrifice herself in battle, whatever Sakura lacks in power, she makes up for in intelligence and bravery.
1095)	Like many other shonen series, theNarutofranchise makes plenty of time for humor, especially early on, but Sakura is in no mood for games.
1096)	She can't stand Naruto's goofy antics, and she wasn't thrilled withKakashi Hatake's behaviorat first, either.
1097)	There's nothing wrong with taking oneself seriously, but Sakura's total lack of humor may suggest that she's wound up a bit too tight, and she's only funny when manifesting Inner Sakura (and she doesn't even intend Inner Sakura to be funny).
1098)	Over time,the relationship between Sakura and Sasukeimproved, to the point that they mended ties and started a family together, includingtheir daughter Sarada.
1099)	But early on, Sakura's infatuation with Sasuke was problematic.
1100)	Ninjas aren't supposed to have or act on crushes like this, and Sakura even sabotaged Team Seven's performance by only acting in Sasuke's best interest and ignoring Naruto when he needed her.
1101)	Kakashi was right to scold her about that.
1102)	It's understandable for someone Sakura's age to feel insecure about their appearance, but Sakura is a ninja, and her high forehead and relative lack of girly charm shouldn't be a concern for a shinobi.
1103)	Sakura has a job to do.
1104)	RELATED:Naruto: 10 Things Fans Learned From Sakura Hiden Sakura was miserable as a kid, even growing out her bangs to hide her forehead untilIno Yamanakagave her some encouraging words.
1105)	Later on, Sakura was using an awful lot of fancy hair products, something that Kin Tsuchi criticized her for.
1106)	By now, Sakura has largely overcome these particular insecurities.
1107)	This is one of several negative personality traits that Sakura has overcome, andHinata Hyuga has undergone a similar transformation.
1108)	Early in the series, Sakura urgently wanted to impress Sasuke, but this desire rarely translated into actual results.
1109)	Sakura often hung back as her squadmates did the fighting for her, and Sakura quickly realized that she was holding the team back, and that she wasn't nearly as gutsy as Naruto was.
1110)	Even if Naruto was a buffoon, he was getting ahead, since he had the nerve to actually fight.
1111)	Sakura knows what she wants: Sasuke's affection.
1112)	But can she get it?
1113)	Sakura underestimates the kind of work and effort (and patience) it takes to win someone's heart, and Sasuke is no ordinary catch.
1114)	RELATED:Naruto: 5 Anime Ninjas Sakura Could Beat (& 5 She'd Lose to) Sakura got way ahead of herself by throwing herself at Sasuke, and similarly, she falsely assumed that Naruto was inferior to her and acted accordingly.
1115)	Sakura also thought that she could coast through the Chunin Exams with her level of chakra control, but she was wrong.
1116)	Time to slow down and re-assess the situation.
1117)	Why did Inner Sakura appear at all?Because Sakura had difficulty expressing her feelings and concerns properly.
1118)	She struggled to open up to others, so she bottled these feelings up and coalesced them into Inner Sakura.
1119)	Overall, Inner Sakura represents Sakura's worst side, being a brash and petty creature that lashes out at everyone.
1120)	Over time, Sakura learned to cast aside this crutch, and she finally connected to her friends on an emotional level in a healthy manner.
1121)	Despite being an unassertive person, Sakura might still be impulsive at times, meaning she is assertive in the wrong way.
1122)	Early in the series, Sakura was afraid to make any sort of move, and she shrank into the background until her frustration reached a boiling point.
1123)	RELATED:Naruto: 10 Myths About Sakura, Explained & Debunked At that point, Sakura will snap out of her indecisive haze and make a reckless move, and sometimes, this just leads to more trouble.
1124)	Fortunately, Sakura learned to be assertive and bold, rather than thoughtlessly impulsive.
1125)	Many of these issues and more led to Sakura developing an inferiority complex during her early days as a ninja.
1126)	Before becoming a proper ninja, she felt insecure about her forehead, and once her career began, Sakura was aghast at her lack of progress.
1127)	Sasuke and Naruto were leaving her far behind.
1128)	Sakura did have some assets, such as her advanced intelligence, but she quickly developed a negative self-image and sometimes acted upon it.
1129)	She felt like the dead weight of Team Seven, and it took time for her to overcome these insidious feelings.
1130)	Some characters in this series are known for their rather short fuses, and Sakura Haruno is among them.
1131)	She is perfectly capable of diplomacy and she can be patient at times, but when something annoys her, she's quick to erupt.
1132)	Sakura's outbursts rarely do anyone any good, and they might distract her or at least make her look a bit unprofessional during a mission.
1133)	Then again, anyone who has Naruto as a teammate will have their patience sorely tested.
1134)	This is another unsavory personality trait that Sakura grew out of.
1135)	By the series' end, Sakura thought highly of Naruto, and made her approval of him quite clear.
1136)	But in the early days, Sakura treated him rather badly, and she failed to account for how much Naruto was hurting on a daily basis.
1137)	Naruto already suffered from feeling alone and unwanted,due to being a jinchuriki, and Sakura harshly scorned Naruto in favor of Sasuke.
1138)	"She effectively told him ""Go away, weirdo!"
1139)	"No one likes you!"", and that was the last thing Naruto needed to hear."
1140)	Sakura's attitude improved over time, and she learned to be kind to Naruto, and Naruto appreciated it.
