1.	 Severus Snape is one of the most divisive characters in Harry Potter. 
2.	 Snape's actions throughout Harry Potter have never fully aligned with that of a hero. 
3.	 His character is so full of shortcomings that it makes his status as a hero at the end of Harry Potter challenging to swallow. 
4.	 Severus Snape was, in many ways, your typical brand of evil. 
5.	 Snape didn't join Dumbledore because he recognized the wickedness of his ways, he did so for selfish reasons. 
6.	 Snape never lost his reverence for the Dark Arts. 
7.	 He did what the headmaster said in an effort to make his love mean something. 
8.	 Putting himself between the students and danger when this was never his style in the books. 
9.	 The name Severus translates to "strict" or "stern" in Latin, which seems to match the professor's demeanor quite well. 
10.	 According to the official Wizarding World site, his last name is based on the Old Norse word "sneypa" meaning "to outrage, disgrace or dishonor." Seeing as he was a double agent, this also fits. 
11.	 But his surname also holds ancestral significance in England, where it's tied to families who lived near the snæp (boggy land) in North Yorkshire, the Lowlands, and Suffolk. 
12.	 As far as readers and viewers know, Snape was the only Death Eater to cast a Patronus spell throughout the series. 
13.	 Snape anonymously sent a silver doe into the Forest of Dean to help Harry with his mission in the final book/movie. 
14.	 Snape isn't the only villainous character in the series that uses a Patronus. 
15.	 It's widely known by Hogwarts students and professors that Snape wanted to be the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, not Potions. 
16.	 Snape was a half-blood, born to a Muggle father named Tobias Snape and a witch mother named Eileen Prince. 
17.	 His father was neglectful and sometimes abusive, which may have contributed to Snape's disdain for Muggles. 
18.	 At some point during his school years, he decided to reject his father's name entirely, giving himself the moniker "The Half-Blood Prince" with his mother's maiden name instead. 
19.	 Snape's family lived on Spinner's End, which is shown as a run-down street in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," insinuating that Snape's family wasn't very wealthy. 
20.	 "Half-Blood Prince" also gave fans a glimpse at the relationship between Severus and Lily through memories in the Pensieve. 
21.	 Snape taught Potions partly because Rowling hated chemistry. 
22.	 Snape was a Slytherin when he was at Hogwarts, and like many students in that house, he excelled at Potions, the Dark Arts, and Charms. 
23.	 His final words differ in the final movie compared to the book. 
24.	 Snape's death is one of the most emotional moments in the series. 
25.	 Rowling described him in one 2015 tweet as "grey," with both saint-like and devil-like tendencies. 
26.	 Snape evidently smells like bitterness and old shoes. 