1.	 If You Aren’t As Big A Bunch Of Dunderheads As I Usually Have To Teach. 
2.	 Clearly, Fame Isn't Everything, Is It Mr. Potter? 
3.	 The Dark Arts Are Many, Varied, Ever-Changing, And Eternal. 
4.	 How Extraordinarily Like Your Father You Are, Potter. 
5.	 The Mind Is Not A Book, To Be Opened At Will And Examined At Leisure. 
6.	 That Is The Second Time You Have Spoken Out Of Turn, Miss Granger. 
7.	 Unless You Wish To Poison Potter — And I Assure You, I Would Have The Greatest Sympathy If You Did — I Cannot Help You. 
8.	 Tell Me What Would I Get If I Added Powdered Root Of Asphodel To An Infusion Of Wormwood? 
9.	 Yes, It Is Easy To See That Nearly Six Years Of Magical Education Have Not Been Wasted On You, Potter. Ghosts Are Transparent. 
10.	 I Have Deceived One Of The Greatest Wizards Of All Time. 
11.	 Look At Me. You Have Your Mother's Eyes. 
12.	 Well, It May Have Escaped Your Notice, But Life Isn't Fair. 
13.	 The Mind Is A Complex And Many-Layered Thing, Potter. Or, At Least, Most Minds Are. 
14.	 Has It Ever Crossed Your Brilliant Mind That I Don't Want To Do This Anymore? 
15.	 I Have Spied For You And Lied For You, Put Myself In Mortal Danger For You. 
16.	 You Dare Use My Own Spells Against Me, Potter? It Was I Who Invented Them. I, The Half-Blood Prince. 
17.	The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
18.	Weasley's wand causes devastation with the simplest spells. We'll be sending Potter to the hospital wing in a matchbox.
19.	What would your head have been doing in Hogsmeade, Potter?' said Snape softly. 'Your head is not allowed in Hogsmeade. No part of your body has permission to be in Hogsmeade.
20.	The very man. A girl has been snatched by the monster, Lockhart. Taken into the Chamber of Secrets itself. Your moment has come at last.
21.	People might think you're up to... Something.
22.	I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death...if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.
23.	How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter. He, too, was exceedingly arrogant.
24.	The Dark Arts are many, varied, ever-changing, and eternal. Fighting them is like fighting a many-headed monster, which, each time a neck is severed, sprouts a head even fiercer and cleverer than before.
25.	Over the years I have played my part well. So well I have deceived one of the greatest wizards of all time.
26.	Have you ever considered that you ask too much? That you take too much for granted? Has it ever crossed your brilliant mind that I don't want to do this anymore?
