1.	 Snape is fun to write, because he is a deeply horrible person. 
2.	 Snape is loosely based on a sadistic teacher she had. 
3.	 everyone should keep their eye on Snape, I'll just say that, because there's more to him than meets the eye....
4.	 JKR thinks that that the thought of Snape in love is a "very horrible idea" and is stunned that someone wonders if Snape might fall in love. We will find out why in book 7. 
5.	 As a teacher, the "worst, shabbiest thing you can do" is to bully children (draws parallel to Snape).
6.	 Snape is a compendium of all the bullying teachers she ever encountered. 
7.	 Snape is about 35 or 36 years old. 
8.	 You shouldn't think [Snape is] too nice. Let me just say that. It is worth keeping an eye on old Severus Snape, definitely. 
9.	 JKR "doesn't think" there is a link between Snape and vampires. 
10.	 Sirius loathed Snape (and the feeling was entirely mutual). 
11.	 Telling us Professor Snape's patronus and boggart would give too much away. 
12.	 Snape's ancestry has been hinted at; he is not Muggle born [JKR does not explicitly say he is pureblood]. 
13.	 JKR jokingly tells us that she finds it depressing that we love Snape and her bad boys. 
14.	 If a teacher is head of a Hogwarts house, we can assume they were in that house, that goes for ghosts as well. So Snape was "very definitely" a Slytherin. 
15.	 Luna is not Snape's daughter; her father is the editor of The Quibbler. 
16.	 Snape does not have a daughter. 
17.	 When the marauder's map insulted Snape, Prongs was not writing the insult, but it was like he had left a magical recording of his voice in the map. 
18.	 JK won't answer if Snape is evil or not because it will have such a huge impact on what will happen when Harry and Snape meet again: "I love the theories." 
19.	 Harry-Snape is now as personal, if not more so, than Harry-Voldemort. 
20.	 Snape has been loved by someone. 
21.	 Snape was not hiding under the Invisibility Cloak on the night Harry's parents were killed. 
22.	 Meanwhile, you have Snape. Incontrovertible a bully, he can be mean, he can be sadistic, he’s bitter. But he is courageous. 
23.	 He is determined to make good what he did terribly wrong. And without him, disaster would have occurred.  