1)	Genjutsu Skills	Sakura Harunois extremely skilled in genjutsu and even Kakashi Hatake, her Jonin leader, commented on her prowess in this field once. She is known to be quite adept at using genjutsu and excels in this art quite a bit. Strangely enough, Sakura has rarely ever been seen using this power, despite Kakashi saying that she's quite proficient in it. That said, Sakura has some skill in this art, as suggested by the various databooks. In the future, it is possible that fans will finally get to see her use one of these techniques to fight against her enemies.
2)	Genjutsu Immunity	Not only is Sakura skilled in the usage of genjutsu, but she's also quite skilled in resisting it. Sakura always had quite a firm grasp on this technique, as seen during the Chunin Exams arc, where she was one of the very few people capable of breaking kabuto's genjutsu, and she's developed it even further as an adult. RELATED:Naruto: The Most Disappointing Jonin, Ranked After the Fourth Great Ninja War, Sakura is known to have become immune to most genjutsu. In The Last: Naruto the Movie, Sakura was able to resist a genjutsu so powerful that even a perfect Jinchuriki like Naruto couldn't break free from it. Furthermore, she then took care of everyone in the squad and saved Naruto's life by continuously pouring chakra into him for two straight days. Sakura is immune to most genjutsu by adulthood which is quite a feat, even for someone as strong as her.
3)	Chakra Scalpel	Used first by Kabuto Yakushi, the chakra scalpel is an extremely useful technique that allows the user to create a scalpel with chakra capable of causing internal damage to the tissues and fibers in one's body. Kabuto was seen using this technique against the likes of Tsunade Senju and even Naruto Uzumaki. When used with precision, this technique is powerful enough to kill nearly anyone as the damage done is on the inside without leaving a wound, and is, thus, hard to treat. Sakura, being a medical ninja just like Kabuto, has a mastery of the skill. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that her usage of this technique goes even beyond that of Kabuto Yakushi. When pressed to use it, Sakura can cause tremendous damage to anyone's body with a chakra scalpel. Mostly, however, she's been seen using this in an attempt to save as many lives as she possibly can. In the future, fans might get a glimpse of this and a few more ofSakura's abilities.
4)	Chakra Enhanced Strength	One of the basic techniques of Sakura Haruno, Chakra Enhanced Strength was taught to her by Tsunade Senju, the Fifth Hokage, who is a great user of this ability as well. This power allows her to use excessive amounts of chakra to coat her fists and then deliver a powerful blow to her enemies. It is believed that just a single punch from her is enough to defeat most enemies. ThroughoutNaruto, she has made extensive use of this ability, such as when she fought Sasori. Chakra Enhanced Strength requires a great amount of chakra control and is proof that Sakura is an incredibly powerful Kunoichi.
5)	Mystical Palm	This technique is one that most medical ninjas can perform without much trouble. Under the guidance of Tsunade Senju, Sakura Haruno was able to master the Mystical Palm technique and her usage of this ability was certainly levels above that of the others who appeared in the story. Mystical Palm allows her to coat his palms in chakra and then send it directly into the body of the target who is injured or suffering from an internal illness. By doing so, Sakura is able to accelerate their healing abilities by several times and restore them to their best condition within a matter of a few minutes. Without a doubt, this is one of her biggest powers as a medical ninja.
6)	Summoning: Katsuyu	Katsuyu is a powerful slug summon that resides within the Shikkotsu woods in theNarutoworld. Known to have incredible healing properties, Katsuyu can only be summoned by a few people, such as Tsunade Senju and Sakura Haruno. RELATED:Strongest Genjutsu Users In Naruto Sakura got access to her powers during the Fourth Great Ninja War after she reached the pinnacle of strength as a medical ninja. By summoning Katsuyu, she was able to stand next to the likes of Naruto Uzumaki and Sasuke Uchiha in battle, which is extremely impressive. Using Katsuyu, Sakura was able to heal countless people at the same time and also maintain her own strength.
7)	Delicate Illness Extraction	One of the most complex medical ninjutsu seen in the story so far, the Delicate Illness Extraction technique was used by Sakura Haruno to saveKankuro, one of Sunagakure's Jonin, from his inevitable death after he was poisoned by Sasori. To perform this technique, Sakura first has to study the chakra of the victim and notice the disturbances in there. This helps her determine the cause of the illness. Then, she makes an incision in the victim's body and sends in large amounts of healing fluids from her palms. This fluid has the property to drag out any toxin or pathogen inside the victim's body. When Sakura used this technique on Kankuro, she was able to save his life after several hours of tiresome work. According to Chiyo, Sakura had already bloomed into a fantastic Kunoichi and was comparable to Tsunade Senju herself.
8)	Chakra Transfer Jutsu	The Chakra Transfer technique is one of the most useful jutsu in the world ofNaruto.As the name suggests, it allows someone to transfer their chakra into another body. This jutsu is certainly not limited to medical ninjutsu, however, those who can summon katusyu have a special bond with it through the Strength of a Hundred Seals, and thanks to that ability, they can use a technique called Immense Network Healing. RELATED:Boruto: Every Power Upgrade Sasuke Uchiha Gained After The War In the Pain arc, Tsunade Senju used this techniqueto heal the people of Konohagakure on a large scale using her chakra. In the Fourth Great Ninja War, Sakura Haruno used a similar technique to heal the many shinobi who were fighting the Ten-Tails.
9)	Creation Rebirth	Creation Rebirth is known as the pinnacle of medical ninjutsuand was developed by Tsunade Senju herself to protect those whom she loves. After training under Tsunade, Sakura Haruno learned the basis for this jutsu and in the Fourth Great Ninja War, she was able to finally use this technique. By releasing large amounts of chakra at once, a user of the Creation Rebirth technique can drastically increase their cell division rate. The user's injuries heal immediately for as long as the seal is active. However, using this technique also reduces their lifespan.
10)	Sozo Saisei — Byakugo No Jutsu	The strongest technique accessible to both Tsunade Senju and Sakura Haruno, Sozo Saisei — Byakugo no Jutsu, also known as the Ninja Art: Creation Rebirth — Strength of a Hundred Seals, is a jutsu that can only be used by those who have access to the Creation Rebirth technique. This jutsu is very similar to Creation Rebirth in that it heals them rapidly, however, its strength is on a whole different level entirely. This technique allows the user to heal immediately from any injury that they withstand without the need to even form hand seals. The user doesn't even need to make any conscious effort to heal themselves and as long their body has chakra, they will continue to regenerate. Sakura Haruno survived beingstabbed by a Truth-Seeking rodthanks to this jutsu.
11)	Sakura's Blizzard Jutsu Was Unconventional But Deadly	The Sakura Blizzard Jutsurequires its user to be far from a target. After attaching bags of cherry blossoms to multiple kunai, the user throws a barrage at incoming enemies; as the petals fall, a series of explosive tags flutter down simultaneously. These attach to opponents before being ignited by the user, catching targets in a deadly explosion. Sakura invented the Sakura Blizzard jutsu during her time in the Land of Snow. While defending Princess Gale from enemy ninjas, Sakura was chased down by a Snow-nin deep in the mountains; after using the Sakura Blizzard jutsu, she quickly dispatched her enemy before rejoining Team 7.
12)	The Shannaro Punch Broke Bones & Ruptured Organs	"The ""Shannaro"" Punch is Sakura's signature move. Characterized by her loud explanation, ""Cha!"", Sakura delivers a single blow to her enemies using her right fist; the resulting damage caused is enough to put them in a hospital or, for weaker foes, kill them where they stand. RELATED:10 Best Taijutsu Abilities In Naruto, RankedSakura used her ""Shannaro"" Punch with great success against a multitude of enemies; she knocked out Naruto on multiple occasions, obliterated a line of White Zetsu juggernauts with a single blow, and struck Kaguya Otsotsuki in the back of the head. Sakura often used the ""Shannaro"" Punch to destroy entire structures and protect teammates from falling debris."
13)	Sakura Inherited Tsunade's Chakra-Enhanced Strength	Chakra-Enhanced Strength is a technique Tsunade Senju developed during her time as a medical-nin. By forcefully applying one's chakra to their fist at the moment of impact, a user's damage output was increased exponentially. This chakra could be applied to any strike, be it foot or hand, in order to deliver a devastating blow to any unlucky target. As Tsunade's student,Sakura mastered this technique during her training. She used her Chakra-Enhanced Strength to take on Sasori and his army of 100 puppets, defeating the Akatsuki member and his strongest puppet, the Third Kazekage. She also favored Chakra-Enhanced Strength when keeping Naruto in line, causing the Nine-Tails jinchuriki to fear ever talking back to her again.
14)	Sakura's Palm Sage Jutsu Cured Even The Most Mortal Wounds	The Palm Sage jutsu allows its user to generate a healing aura in their palms; by converting their own chakra, a user can cure allies of ailments and injuries simply by touching them. The technique improves with practice and skill, causing the most talented medical-nins to be highly requested within their respective villages. Sakura mastered the Palm Sage jutsu during her two-year apprenticeship with Lady Tsunade. She used the technique on countless occasions to aid Team 7 on missions, even using it to revive Naruto after his death during the Fourth Shinobi World War. Her prodigious proficiency with the Palm Sage Jutsu later ledSakura to be proclaimed the world's single-best medical-ninfollowing the war.
15)	Nothing Could Withstand Sakura's Cherry Blossom Impact	The Cherry Blossom Impact begins with its user delivering a single strike to the ground at their feet; this splits the ground from that point outward, creating a small-scale version of the devastating effects of an earthquake. Used as a means of displacing multiple enemies footing or locating those hiding underground, any caught within the jutsu's range are heavily damaged. Sakura specially invented this technique following her mastery of Chakra-Enhanced Strength. She used it to protect herself from armies of enemy shinobi, keeping them at bay while buying time to think of an effective counter-strategy. The technique was powerful enough to catch Kakashi Hatake off-guard during Sakura's battle to get the bells; she and Naruto ultimately succeeded due to her efforts.
16)	Sakura's Secret Red Technique: Human Body Puppet Control Defeated Sasori, An Akatsuki Member	The Secret Red Technique: Human Body Puppet Control requires the coordination of two living shinobi: an able-bodied fighter and a master Puppeteer. By attaching chakra threads to the fighter, a master Puppeteer can manipulate their partner on the battlefield. The manipulated party gains access to their controller's techniques while still maintaining their own. Sakura performed this coordination ninjutsu with Lady Chiyo of Sunagakure; fighting against Sasori, thetwo managed to defeat Sasori's 100-puppet armywhile both remaining alive. The Secret Red Technique: Human Body Puppet Control became one of Sakura's strongest, one-time coordination ninjutsu abilities.
17)	The Summoning Technique: Katsuyu Healed Hundreds Simultaneously	After signing a contract seal with the animals of Shikkotsu Forest, the user gains access to the Summoning Technique: Katsuyu. This slug is capable of channeling its summoner's chakra to heal the injured, spit acid strong enough to melt steel, and divide itself into hundreds of sentient copies. Katsuyu also grants its user telepathic communication with any beings she's currently attached to. Sakura signed the contract seal with Katsuyu during her training with Lady Tsunade; from that day forward, Katsuyu became the exclusive summon of both women. Sakura used Summoning Technique: Katsuyu during the Fourth Ninja War,working together with Tsunadeto summon the largest portion of Katsuyu ever; together, they created a large zone strong enough to instantly heal any who stepped into it.
18)	Sakura's Chakra Scalpel Cut Through Flesh & Bone Like Butter	The Chakra Scalpel is a medical-nin's most important technique as it functions as their primary tool when performing medical jutsu on the battlefield. By applying large amounts of chakra to their fingertips, a medical-nin's touch becomes sharp enough to sever flesh, bone, and organs; it is an essential tool for performing medical operations such as surgery. RELATED:10 Best Ninjutsu Abilities In Naruto, Ranked Sakura's advanced application of chakra allowed her to create a Chakra Scalpel capable of doing all this and more. While she could use it like a knife in battle, Sakura often used Chakra Scalpel to perform medical procedures on the fly; she cut open Naruto's chest before manually pumping his heart, successfully restoring him to life following the extraction of the Nine-Tails.
19)	Creation Rebirth Protected Sakura From Injury, Disease & Death	Creation Rebirth was a forbidden technique invented by Lady Tsunade to protect medical-nins on the battlefield. Creation Rebirth could be released after amassing a user's chakra for several years; it healed virtually every injury, even fatal ones, while granting its user increased strength at the cost of their chakra reserves and a shortened lifespan. Despite Tsunade's other students' difficulty in mastering the Creation Rebirth technique, Sakura succeeded Lady Tsunade in becoming the second kunoichi capable of using it. Creation Rebirth saved her several times during her time as a kunoichi, most notably during the Fourth Shinobi World War; she used Creation Rebirth to decimate an army of White Zetsu single-handedly.
20)	The Strength Of 100 Technique Granted Sakura Unhindered Healing Powers	The Strength of 100 Technique builds on the properties of its parent technique, Creation Rebirth, to give its user more power. Users gain monstrous strength and consistent healing which requires no conscious effort. The technique makes one invulnerable to death upon activation while also affording its user the ability to extend its benefits to those they touch. Most notably, the Strength of 100 improves upon Creation Rebirth as it doesn't shorten the user's lifespan at all. Sakura mastered this technique shortly after Creation Rebirth, making her the world's best and brightest medical-nin. She used Strength of 100 during her battle against Kaguya Otsutsuki,matching the Rabbit Goddess's raw strength; she also extended the technique's benefits to Obito Uchiha, extending his lifespan long past the latter's guaranteed time of death.
21)	Medical Ninjutsu	Sakura's naturally refined control of her chakra had been taken to new heights over the time skip, an ability utilised to its fullest by the training she had done withTsunade. With her excellent chakra control, Sakura had turned into an excellent combat medical-nin, and had shown herself to be able to heal fatal injuries with relatively little effort, even when more experienced medics would deem it a lost cause. She also has shown extensive knowledge of poisons having been taught by her senior pupilShizune— learning how to imbue weapons such as kunai, with poison. She also has an extensive knowledge of herbal medicines, surpassing even the knowledge ofChiyoas well as other chemicals such as powerful sleeping gases taught to her by Tsunade. Her knowledge was great enough to withdrawSasori's advanced poison directly fromKankuro's body, and use that as a base template to create multiple antidotes swiftly afterwards. During her fight with Sasori, she was able to start healing herself even with a poisoned sword still lodged in her abdomen,which Sasori commended on. At the end of Part I when Tsunade observed Sakura successfully heal a fish with the Mystical Palm Technique, Tsunade remarked that Sakura had come so far, and she hadn't seen such talent since Shizune. Sakura can also assist with autopsies, as seen when she and Shizune performed an autopsy on a White Zetsu during the Fourth Shinobi War, and she has knowledge of cells and DNA. A few individuals have even commented that Sakura has the potential to one day rival Tsunade in terms of medical skill, and perhaps even surpass her given enough time, though Sakura has stated that Tsunade's skills are far greater than her own. Sakura has also proved capable of using a chakra scalpel in order to make incisions into flesh and perform surgery or very direct heart massage. After completing the Strength of a Hundred Seal, Sakura can summon Katsuyu and remotely heal others, which Shizune praises her for. Upon the release of the seal, she, along with Tsunade, summoned a large proportion of Katsuyu to heal the alliance and according to Tsunade, they would be able to recover just by standing on her. Sakura has also shown to be able to release the seal completely, granting her the ability to heal any damage she sustains. During her fight against Madara, she could instantly heal even the damage done to her by a staff created from his Truth-Seeking Ball, without feeling any fatigue or physical repercussions. By the time of the Fourth Shinobi War, Sakura's medical prowess had rivalled that of Tsunade and she had mastered Medical Ninjutsu by the time she had reached adulthood. By the time of Boruto: Naruto Next Generations, she had also learned the Healing Power Alteration Technique (癒力変生の術), although it is unknown what this entails.
22)	Taijutsu	"Although not known for her strength and skill in Taijutsu in Part I, Sakura is still skilled and strong enough physically that she could compete with Ino, one of the top students of her class. She is even strong enough to send someone several feet backwards with a single strike, and in the anime, wield the broken mast of a ship as a weapon. After training under Tsunade for over two and a half years, Sakura's taijutsu increased greatly, along with her chakra control abilities — the latter of which became a cornerstone to many of her skills. By building up chakra into her fists (and infrequently her feet) and releasing it on contact with a target, it grants her what Naruto constantly refers to as ""monstrous strength"". For this reason she remains very alert to an opponent's movements so that she can pick up on patterns and thus know exactly when and how to evade. From her training with Tsunade, Sakura has also inherited her master's resilience and contempt for losing, able to continue fighting after being surrounded by a poisonous cloud, and using an explosive tag to dispel it. With her new strength, Sakura could knock away Sasori's giant iron constructs, throw the Lion-Headed Kannon fast enough to catch Sasori by surprise, and prevent the airborne puppet master from reaching his target, later smashing his body to pieces. Sakura also learned to read her enemies' attack patterns and thus greatly increase her evasive skills as a field medic. From this, she could evade a barrage of poisoned senbon, a multitude of puppet arms, and help defeat one hundred puppets unharmed, hardly needing Chiyo's assistance later on. She could also defeat Pain's Giant Centipede and a transformed White Zetsu Army clone with a single blow each. In the anime during the Fourth Shinobi War, she lifted a chunk of the ground to protect herself from Obito's attack manifested through the Ten-Tails. After completing the Strength of a Hundred Seal, Sakura's strength grew immensely, being able to easily decimate several dozen of the Ten-Tails' spawns, while obliterating the surrounding battlefield. This feat earned her praise from Hashirama himself, deeming Sakura's strength superior to Tsunade's. Likewise, Sakura has shown keen reflexes, quickly grabbing and moving Obito out of danger from a sea of acid, as well as evading Kaguya's extremely fast chakra arms before being saved by Kakashi's Susanoo. This was further shown when she injured Kaguya, even knocking one of her rabbit ear-like horns off her head. Years later, Sakura's strength has further improved, to the point that she could even blitz and defeat a Mangekyo Sharingan-bearing Shin with a single blow. Along with being able to destroy a big collapsing wall with one hit with ease. Her overall skills in Taijutsu has also improved remarkably, able to compete with the Mangekyo Sharingan bearing Uchiha Shin."
23)	Summoning Technique	Like Tsunade, Sakura can summon segments of Katsuyu, a slug. By having Katsuyu divide and attach to others, Sakura can remotely monitor many allies at once, healing them and replenishing their chakra as needed.
24)	Nature Transformation	Sakura is also proficient with four nature transformations: Earth, Water, Yin and Yang Release.
25)	Intelligence	While she was in the Ninja Academy, Sakura received consistently high test scores. It is because of her diligence in her studies that Sakura initially struggles in combat situations, for which reason she is added toTeam Kakashiso that she can benefit from the more battle-oriented Naruto and Sasuke. Conversely, her own teammates would benefit from her large knowledge base. Sakura's intelligence is nevertheless consistently useful, making her observational enough to guess an opponent's tactics from a brief scan of the battlefield and pick up on otherwise minor inconsistencies in conversation. Sasuke deems her analytical skills superior to his Sharingan. She has excellent recall, able to quickly put together multiple pieces of information she's previously come across in order to form a hypothesis. Simply put Sakura is intelligent, such that she can answer the written portion of the Chunin Exams by herself, something genin are not intended to be able to do. In actual combat, Sakura frequently relies on misleading her opponents. Either by letting them think they've outsmarted her so that they lower their guard. Or in Part II, letting them think they've defeated her so that they come to her. Which enables her to defeat them with a single punch. As a field medic, she cannot afford to be gravely injured or killed on the battle field, as drilled into her by Tsunade when she trained her.
