1)	Sakura is the only child of Kizashi and Mebuki Haruno.
2)	She had a healthy childhood, raised by her parents without any serious tragedy or complications, unlike her team members.
3)	When she entered Konoha'sAcademy, a few of the girls in her class started picking on her because of her broad forehead.
4)	Sakura tried to combat their teasing by hiding her forehead with her bangs, but this caused the girls to bully her even more.Ino Yamanaka, one of her classmates, saw this, and defended Sakura from her bullies and encouraged her to embrace her forehead rather than hide it.
5)	Over the following years, Ino's guidance and friendship helped Sakura become comfortable with herself and develop into her own person.
6)	Though she felt indebted to Ino for helping her, Sakura began to feel that she was living in Ino's shadow when she, instead, wanted to be Ino's equal.
7)	At some point after she entered in the Academy, Sakura metSasuke Uchihaand she developed a crush on him.
8)	When she told her friends, she was surprised to learn how popular Sasuke was with the girls.
9)	Sakura heard a rumour of Sasuke being attracted to girls with long hair and she began letting her hair grow to get his attention.
10)	A couple of years later, when she learned Ino had a crush on Sasuke, Sakura ended their friendship so that they could compete for Sasuke's love, thus beginning a bitter rivalry between them and their dislike towards each other.
11)	After they were placed in their teams, Sakura approached Ino, bragging about being on Sasuke's team and declaring she won't lose.[10]
12)	Sakura is a civilian born girl, the only child of Mebuki and Kizashi Haruno.
13)	She had an ordinary childhood, being raised with no shinobi background or the teachings of a honorable Clan of Konoha[1].
14)	Upon entering the Academy, Sakura was bullied because of her large forehead, which caused her to develop an insecurity and complex, thus using her bangs to hide it.
15)	This situation caught the attention ofIno Yamanaka, a popular girl from her class, who saw Sakura crying and approached her[2], giving her a red ribbon to uncover her forehead and teaching her to embrace it, because hiding her insecurities meant playing the bullies' game[3].
16)	That moment marked the beginning of a friendship between both girls, as Ino became Sakura's first ever friend, eventually breaking her shell and introducing her to other kids from their class[4].
17)	Over the following years, Ino thought that Sakura was still a bud that might one day blossom into a flower more beautiful than a cosmos[5], so her guidance and friendship helped Sakura become comfortable with herself and develop into her own person.
18)	Sakura admired Ino for her cool personality and intelligence, as well as her talents as a kunoichi; traits that she never thought she would ever acquire and which developed into an inferiority complex[6].
19)	Though she felt indebted to Ino for helping her, Sakura began to feel that she was living in Ino's shadow when she, instead, wanted to be Ino's equal[7].
20)	At some point, after she entered the Academy, Sakura metSasuke Uchihaand developed a crush on him.
21)	When she told her friends, she was surprised to learn how popular Sasuke was with the girls.
22)	Sakura heard a rumor of Sasuke being attracted to girls with long hair and she began letting her hair grow to get his attention.
23)	A couple of years later, when she learned Ino also had a crush on Sasuke, Sakura approached her and told her that their common interests made them rivals, thus ending their friendship and beginning a bitter competition for Sasuke's love[8].
24)	As a child, Sakura was a shy and withdrawn girl with a difficulty to make friends.
25)	Her reserved personality would later be accentuated by the bullies picked on her for her large forehead, making her self-conscious about her appearance[3].
26)	At the start of Part I, Sakura typically gives the outward impression of being polite to her superiors, considerate of her peers, and confident in herself[9].
27)	She has occasional moments of bashfulness around Sasuke Uchiha and competitiveness around Ino Yamanaka[10], but otherwise appears quite collected.
28)	This reservation, though never disingenuous, frequently masks how Sakura really feels: in certain situations she has pronounced feelings of delinquency, jealousy, and anger.
29)	"Rather than display these emotions to others, she projects them inward, allowing a manifestation of who she truly is — what is labelled ""Inner Sakura"" (内なるサクラ,Uchi Naru Sakura) — to have the opinions Sakura wants to keep to herself[11]."
30)	"Inner Sakura, whose appearances are marked by an exclamation of ""Shannarō!"", is in a sense a personality separate from Sakura herself, a fact that allows her to overcome theMind Body Switch Technique."
31)	At other times, Sakura and Inner Sakura are indistinguishable from each other, usually with regards toNaruto Uzumaki; if Naruto says or does something that annoys or upsets her, Sakura responds with violence, a reaction that under other circumstances would be delegated to Inner Sakura.
32)	As Part I progresses, Sakura is increasingly exposed to the realities of the world, difficulties for which she cannot rely upon Inner Sakura to cope with.
33)	As an Academy student, Sakura succeeded through studying alone to the point of pride[12], able to avoid physical trials and thus allowing her to focus on her physical appearance in a bid to appeal to Sasuke.
34)	As a shinobi, however, this is insufficient: the long hair she puts so much effort into is a liability that opponents can use against her; missions cannot be completed with mere book smarts and it is necessary to be able to fight so that other shinobi will not kill her or her teammates.
35)	The latter makes Sakura particularly disappointed in herself, as she is unable to contribute much in battle and must rely on Naruto and Sasuke to save her[13].
36)	She sets out to change this about herself, dedicating nearly three years of training to making herself as capable as Naruto and Sasuke; in the meantime, she becomes willing to sacrifice herself to protect them, coming to value them both very deeply[14].
37)	She looks to Naruto as a model for this goal, inspired by his rapid growth and his determination to be there for her and all those he holds dear[15].
38)	When Sakura realizes that she is as rude to Naruto as Sasuke was to her at his urging[16][17], she starts treating him better, cheering for his accomplishments and confiding her hopes and fears with him[18].
39)	Inner Sakura makes one appearance at the very start of Part II and then is never seen again[19].
40)	This is because Sakura is finally in touch with her feelings and is willing to express what she is thinking, a self-comfort she picked up during her training with Tsunade, though this has made her more emotional and impulsive at times[20].
41)	Her violent and/or loud outbursts are, as in Part I, uncontrolled and often directed at Naruto, usually as a reaction to his variations of theSexy Technique, whenever he asks her out on a date or anything she feels is out of line, along with when anybody does something that offends her[21].
42)	Sakura no longer thinks poorly of Naruto despite thinking he is an idiot and her earlier stern disparaging opinion of him that flares at times[22].
43)	She now holds his abilities in high regard, is ever-worrying for his safety and well-being to the point of easily feeling unbearable guilt, and values him as one of her closest friends[23].
44)	Despite criticizing Naruto for his perverted nature, Sakura herself has a perverted side, enjoying something even Naruto thought was disgusting[24].
45)	Upon meetingSai, Sakura is the only member of the former Team 7 that tries to befriend the new member of the team[25], even if his remarks about Sasuke infuriate her[26].
46)	Sai eventually points out that he believes Naruto knows Sakura too well for his own good, constantly placing himself in personal peril out of his feelings for her so that Sakura will be happy[27].
47)	Sakura is moved to tears by this, feeling unbearably guilty for what she feels she put Naruto through; and despite her attempts to take responsibility for herself during the Summit by trying to deal with Sasuke herself, she still finds herself relying on him due to her own shaky resolve[28]nearly costing Sakura her life[29].
48)	She ultimately settles for doing whatever she can for him, trying to do more in supporting him and his decisions concerning Sasuke, trying to do more to help him bear the challenges of being ajinchūriki, and fighting at his side whenever possible.
49)	She is helped in this goal by Tsunade's influence, who trained her to have a contempt for losing and an unbending will; she will place herself at risk so that others do not need to and to assure her allies' victory.
50)	Sakura has been in love with Sasuke since childhood and initially focuses on getting his attention above everything else.
51)	Her initial infatuation with him was rooted from his good looks and cool, collecting attitude, and his rejections failed to deter her.
52)	After becoming teammates, Sakura realized Sasuke's imperfections and suffering, and her desire shifted to helping him as much as she can, which resulted in the two of them becoming closer and protective towards each other and her feelings developing into true love.
53)	Despite being grateful for her loving him after she confesses her feelings to stop him from defecting from Konoha, Sasuke rejects her but thanks her before leaving[30].
54)	This rejection deeply upsets Sakura, driving her to plea for Naruto to bring Sasuke home and, when Naruto fails, motivating her to become stronger so that she can bring Sasuke back herself[31].
55)	Sasuke, however, is colder to both Sakura and Naruto in Part II: he showed indifference to them when they met after more than two years and, in moments of intense hatred while trying to cut his bonds with anyone, has even tried to kill them.
56)	Sakura tries to separate herself from her feelings when Sasuke becomes an international criminal, attempting to kill him in order to prevent a war[32], but her love for him proves to be too great for her to harm him[33], Even at the end of theFourth Shinobi World War, Sakura holds out hope that she may mean something to him[34].
57)	Despite Sasuke's crimes, Sakura is able to forgive him after he apologizes to her.
58)	She is also pleasantly surprised when Sasuke exhibits a much softer in front of her and begins poking her on the forehead, an affectionate gesture he picked up from his brother.[35]
59)	As an adult, Sakura's personality is relatively the same, although she becomes a more calmed woman.
60)	She doesn't lose her sense of purpose and the responsibilities she holds as a kunoichi and as a first-rate medic.
61)	After marrying Sasuke, Sakura became very loyal to him and even refused to leave his side when they were traveling together and she was pregnant with their daughter,Sarada[36].
62)	Sakura raised Sarada on her own for a long while due to Sasuke being away on his mission for many years, and she frequently reassured Sarada that Sasuke loves them both and would return home once his mission was over[37].
63)	Sakura is also very patient and wise as her love and patience for Sasuke have never faded[38]even though Sarada was barely a toddler when he left.
64)	As a mother, Sakura is loving and protective, has a very close relationship with her daughter, and will praise her for her achievements just as quickly as she admonishes her for wrongdoing.
65)	Although Sakura is very supportive of Sasuke's duties, she is disappointed when he teases her by refusing to show her affection.
66)	Sakura has fair skin, green eyes, and pink hair.
67)	She still wears her hair in short length, right above her shoulders with a partition oriented to the left that makes herStrength of a Hundred Seal, in the shape of a purple rhombus, visible in the enter of her forehead.
68)	Sakura Haruno was born on the day of March 28th as the only child and daughter toHaruno Kizashi, and his wife Mebuki.
69)	While growing up she had a very normal childhood, while being raised by her parents without any serious tragedy or complication whatsoever.
70)	She was mostly discipline by her mother as she had a fear of being grounded if she ever broke any of her parents rules.
71)	During her early years in the Ninja Academy, Sakura was frequently bullied by others (mostly girls) due to the large size of her forehead.
72)	To try and combat this method, Sakura had used her front bangs to hide her forehead, but this proved to the other girls in her age group that it extremely bothered her and caused them to tease her even more than before.
73)	Which ironically was the one thing that she really hated about herself.
74)	She even got angry when her father told her to cut her bangs and to get a boyfriend which made her feel embarrassed as she angrily yelled at her father who was laughing at her.
75)	"This leaded for Sakura to gain the nickname ""Forehead Girl""."
76)	"In the English version, she was called ""Billboard Brow"" instead."
77)	HoweverYamanaka Ino, upon realizing this alone, had helped Sakura out by giving her a dark red ribbon that she used as a way of drawing attention to the cuter features of her forehead, in which helped Sakura overcome her insecurity.
78)	Over the following years, Ino's friendship helped Sakura become comfortable with herself.
79)	When she told her parents about Ino, they were happy that she made a friend.
80)	As the two became best friends and Sakura had grew more confident, developing her own unique personality under Ino's guidance.
81)	She even show her hideout to her.
82)	Despite this, Sakura still felt that she was living in Ino's shadow and decided to prove herself as Ino #1 rival, and equal.
83)	Whenever Ino was around, she would even defend Sakura from her three female bullies (Ami, Kasumi and Fuki).
84)	In the anime, one day when she was about five years old and while searching for Ino to have lunch with her, she spottedUchiha Sasukefor the first time, and became embarrassed when he turns around to look at her and scowled.
85)	After running away from the Uchiha, she sighs in relief.
86)	Then, she spots Ino, along withNara ShikamaruandAkimichi Chojistealing bits of food from others.
87)	Curious as to what they were doing, she secretly followed them, and discovering that they were bringing the food to a mysterious young child namedYota.
88)	She then decides to help them keep Yota hidden from public.
89)	Later on she and the others confrontedUzumaki Naruto.
90)	They accused him of making someone named Yota, who was a stranger to the village, disappear.
91)	Seeing them look at him with such distrust like the rest of the village, Naruto grew furious and ran away, so angry that people would like even an outsider over him.
92)	He then heard a young boy crying who strangely appeared to control the weather, making it rain with his tears.
93)	Naruto then realized this boy must be Yota.
94)	Immediately taking a liking to Naruto, the young boy asked him to teach him how to whistle like he saw Naruto do earlier.
95)	As Naruto began teaching him, the two soon became close friends.
96)	Later, Naruto and Yota began playing along with other the Konoha children that knew about Yota.
97)	One day, while playing a game of hiding, Yota insisted to hide with Naruto.
98)	When Naruto told him to hide somewhere else, Yota mistakenly thought Naruto didn't like him anymore and ran away crying.
99)	His crying caused another rainshower, which alerted the ANBU.
100)	As they took Yota captive, Naruto and the others tried to stop the ANBU, but to no success.
101)	Determined to save Naruto's first ever friend, Sakura and the others staged a plan with Naruto acting as a diversion.
102)	Despite finding Yota, the ANBU easily foiled their plan.
103)	Naruto quickly joined his friends, refusing to let Yota be kept prisoner.
104)	Seeing how much Naruto cared for him and then got struck down by the ANBU, Yota summoned bolts of lightning to knock the ANBU out.
105)	Greatly weakened by the act, Naruto carried Yota out of the village with the others, determined to bring him to freedom.
106)	Upon reaching a river, unable to walk over it yet, they all chose to swim.
107)	Their attempts proved futile and nearly drowned, only to be saved by Yota.
108)	Having to overtaxed himself, Yota felt his life fading.
109)	Happy to had great friends that cared about him.
110)	Yota didn't want them to suffer with this sad memory, and erased all knowledge of him from their minds.
111)	Later on, Sakura announced to her friends that she had a crush on Sasuke and was surprised when she learned that he was aleardy popular among the girls.
112)	She eventually heard a rumor about Sasuke liking girls with long hair, so she happily told this to Ino.
113)	She even try to tell him in person that she love him, but he said he didn't knew her.
114)	She then ran out of the classroom and ran in the hallway, and her inner self was born as she began punching a tree.
115)	Before the Uchiha clan was murdered, Sakura who was with Ino witness Sasuke beating Naruto in a race.
116)	However she became confused when Naruto told Sasuke that if he was serious then he would have beaten him.
117)	She then watched Naruto challenged Sasuke to a game of higher-jump.
118)	Right after theUchiha Clan Massacre, Sakura became sad upon learning that Sasuke was now an orphan like Naruto.
119)	However Sakura would never make fun of Sasuke's status as an orphan.
120)	At some point, Sakura found out that Ino also had a crush on Sasuke.
121)	Therefore Sakura ended their friendship so that they could compete for Sasuke's love, thus beginning a bitter sweet rivalry between the two and the two also disliking each other.
122)	Before the series start, Sakura would start to grow her hair longer in order for Sasuke to notice her.
123)	"Ironically she would start to call the last Uchiha as ""Sasuke-kun""."
124)	"Including that she would start to refer to Naruto as ""annoying"", since she hated how Naruto got away with pulling pranks, and that he couldn't get scolded by anyone in the village because he didn't have no parents to complain to."
125)	Nevertheless, even though Sakura hated Iruka's class lectures.
126)	She took his teachings seriously, and became the top student of her class.
127)	"This made her often argue with Ino, who would give her the secondary nickname ""Crybaby Sakura""."
128)	"However Sakura would always response back at Ino by calling her ""Ino Pig""."
129)	The two would even try to see who can get to class quickly in order to see who can sit with Sasuke.
130)	However even though Sakura ended their friendship, she would still wear the red ribbon as a reminder of their strained friendship.
