Personality	Motivations	Relationships
Saitama is described to be quite indifferent. Even the mightiest foes pose no challenge to him, so he doesn't take his hero work seriously and defeats monsters as if as he is swatting insects. Since his superhero work began to bore him, he is constantly searching for an opponent that can actually provide him with a challenge. The lack of any such opponents has led him to suffer from a self-imposed existential crisis, and he claims that his ability to feel any and all emotions has dulled considerably. He stated that he just became a hero because it was his dream and for self-satisfaction and that before becoming one, he used to suffer from anxiety issues. Despite his boredom, Saitama goes out of his way to stop crime.	"Genos, : Genos is the first person to become Saitama's acquaintance and friend, even becoming his disciple (something that Saitama himself hasn't accepted yet). Saitama met Genos when the latter was fighting Mosquito Girl, and before the cyborg could self-destruct himself in hope of killing the female monster, Saitama quickly defeated her with a slap, making the monster explode by hitting a wall due to the impact from the hero's slap. Shocked, Genos asked the bald hero who he was, and he responded ""I'm just a hero for fun."" From that day, Genos has dedicated his life and effort in becoming as powerful as Saitama, though he recognizes that may be impossible after witnessing more of the caped badly's power. Despite that, Genos is too overprotective with his teacher, and looks toward all he needs, including taking care and paying rent of his house, defending him whenever someone (usually other heroes or civilians) mocks or disrespect him, and taking literally all of his advice very seriously. Saitama is normally indifferent to this treatment, and normally tries to ignore or bluff away the statement he is his master, though occasionally he gives Genos some useful advices or speeches about being a hero and other things, he also tend to seriously worry if Genos is in danger or is seriously injured, as he was mad at Asura Kabuto for nearly killing him, and asked him if he needed help to fight G4, he seems to have confidence in Genos' skills enough to trust he will win against some villains (though this could be his usual indifference). The two normally hang out and spend time together, and Genos has admitted that Saitama's company and advices has made him remember how it was to have a happy life before the tragic event that killed his family., License-less Rider, : Rider is one of the first people to acknowledge Saitama's power and heroism, and be one of his closest friends as well. During the Deep Sea King's attack Saitama got lost in the middle of the city searching for the evil king, Rider went on his way to give him a ride so they could find the malevolent villain, after witnessing Rider's heroic refusal to leave the fight against the Sea King and put a decent battle despite his weak physically, Saitama got impressed and showed him respect for his heroism before saving him from the Sea King. Even after faking a rude facade and giving the heroes credit for the King's defeat, Rider went on his way to personally thank Saitama for his actions, as he invited Saitama to a dinner and even sent a ""thank you"" note to him after the event. Both have a mutual respect and value for each other, and he is one of the few people Saitama shows true worry for his state, as when Rider was beaten up by Garou, Saitama went to the hospital to see him, and after checking he was fine, he gave him a banana and asked him information about Garou to find and defeat him., Fubuki, : At first, Fubuki, just like everyone else, thought on Saitama as just a regular B-class hero, though she was aware of the caped baldly's prowess in the physical test, which is the reason she wanted to make him join her group and avoid him getting higher ranks as a hero. After their confrontation, however, Fubuki started to see Saitama with other eyes, as she started to grow confidence on herself with Saitama's words, though she keep being obsessed with making him join her group in hope to get more powerful. As the time goes, Fubuki and Saitama start to build some kind of friendly relationship, as she pass over his apartment to discuss certain stuff or just hang out, she is impressed of how he can attract many powerful heroes, and she starts growing up feelings for him, even in a seemingly romantic way. Saitama, however, remains indifferent to this, as he keeps viewing her as just an acquaintance, which is revealed when Tatsumaki asks him what does Fubuki mean for Saitama, he answers she is just an acquaintance and that she is not his friend, which saddens her a bit. Despite that, she works hard to improve her skills, finally motivated enough to surpass and stand up her sister, Tatsumaki. Like others, she tend to get annoyed at how calm he is even in extreme situations., King, : King is responible for taking all credit for Saitama's heroic deeds, and because of that he was able to scale to S-class without any test by the Hero Association, and is regarded by people, heroes and villains alike as one of the strongest heroes. After finding about this and the truth, that King is just an ordinary person, Saitama shows no ill towards King and doesn't reveal the truth, but advices King to train and become stronger and be a powerful hero on his own. Both quickly become friends and start hanging out often, mostly playing videog ames in Saitama's apartment, King does try to give advices to Saitama from time and time, but the latter tends to ignore it. King was saved by Saitama when the latter had hair, meaning he knows Saitama from when he wasn't as powerful as now., Bang, : After witnessing Saitama destroying the meteorite, Bang started trying to get both Saitama and Genos as his disciples by joining his dojo, but both refused. Just like everyone else who knows Saitama's power, Bang is obsessed with training and making him joining him, though he does provide help and aid whenever Saitama needs (though he never asks for it). He still tries to teach Saitama and Genos martial arts and a mentor for them, but they always ignore him. However, he share a friendly bond with Saitama and is one of the few heroes who fully respect him for his heroism and abilities., Suiryu, :"	Speed-o-Sound Sonic, : From Sonic's view, Saitama is his eternal rival and enemy, and the former constantly trains in order to become strong enough to defeat him. They met when Sonic was hired to kill Hammerhead's group, and, thinking Saitama was a member because of his baldness, Sonic tried to kill him. With no effort, Saitama defeated him, and afterwards he's been trying in hope that someday, he will defeat Saitama. Despite his hate and obsession with him, Saitama does not recognizes him as a real threat, and beats him any time Sonic tries to attack him. Sonic, despite all, does have certain respect for Saitama's abilities., Boros, : Saitama was disgusted by the alien's actions (destroying planets) and got bored of hearing his life story, which prompted him to kill the alien invader. Boros, on the other hand, views Saitama as the one who puts an end to his boredom and can give him a real challenge. Upon meeting, the two started fighting and Boros could surprisingly stand against Saitama for a short period, even surviving many punches from him, but Saitama did not find true joy on their battle, as Boros was terribly below him in terms of power and skills. Saitama sympathizes with him because of their mutual lack of challenge and thrill, which made Saitama hold during their brawling. After the combat, Saitama hold respect for Boros for his prowess and a long fight, but Boros quickly found out Saitama were holding back the whole time, which means he never stood a chance against him to begin with. Despite this, Boros died happy because of having a little fun and finally having the fight he so much wished over years, with Saitama peacefully leaving with respect for his opponent., Garou, : Both gradually grow up some relationship. Saitama initially didn't think highly on him as a threat, even after listening to his victory over multiple heroes, Saitama made his task to find and beat Garou. Garou quickly became obsessed with him after finding out his power and achievements, but proved to not be a challenge for him. After transforming and increasing his power, Garou threatened to kill all the heroes, but was stopped by Saitama. Garou is one of the few who can survive a direct punch from Saitama (though the latter was holding back) and actually survived a fight with him, Saitama proved to be far superior to him, though Garou stands above in terms of martial arts, tactics and fighting skills. After their fight, Saitama discovered that Garou wasn't actually a bad guy, and that he actually wished to become a hero, but had convinced himself that being a villain would be more effective to help others understand what being a hero means, which broke him both mentally and physically. Like Sonic, Garou views Saitama as his worst enemy and has a driving goal to defeat him. Saitama still has mercy and sympathy over Garou, and so he doesn’t kill him., Dr. Genus, : Saitama destroyed Genus' lab and all his creations, but at the same time Genus developed intense obsession and respect for Saitama due to his godly power. He is the first person to find out the true nature that bred Saitama's power: after training so hard, Saitama broke his limiter and as a result became immensely powerful. This defied his theory that artificial evolution was the answer to turn humans into better and stronger beings. Genus has since started to study Saitama's case and is grateful of the hero for showing him what humans can do.
