Saitama :“If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?”
Saitama :“Human beings are strong because we have the ability to change ourselves.”
Saitama :When I was a little boy I wanted to be a hero. Not some damn business man. But a superhero who could send rotten villains like you flying with one punch.”
Saitama :“If you really want to become strong, stop caring about what others think about you. Living your life has nothing to do with what others think.”
Saitama :“I’ll leave tomorrow’s problems to tomorrow’s me.”
Saitama :“In exchange for gaining strength, have I lost something more important as a human being? Emotions used to swirl within me when I fought. Fear, impatience, anger… But now… Day after day, after one punch I go home unharmed and wash my gloves.”
Saitama :You gotta train like hell until the point where your hair falls out. That’s the only way to become truly strong.”
Saitama :“In exchange for power, maybe I’ve lost something that’s essential for a human being?”
Saitama :“100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run EVERY SINGLE DAY!!!”
Saitama :“I’ve become too strong.”
Saitama :“I’m just a guy who’s a hero for fun. I never lose. And the surface is guarded by me!”
Saitama :“You have to keep doing it. No matter how difficult it gets. It took me a full 3 years to get this strong.”
Saitama :“Who decides limits? And based on what? You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little harder. Is that really the limit of your strength? Could the you of tomorrow beat you today? Instead of giving in, move forward.”
Saitama :Heroes and the police don’t do their jobs because someone says “please”. Right?
Saitama :“I’m not a hero because I want your approval. I do it because I want to!”
Saitama :“Stop right there! If I watch you kill a kid in front of me, I’ll have nightmares.”
Saitama :“There’s no sign that the evils of this world are disappearing. That hasn’t changed since I became a hero. So I guess that means I haven’t really made a difference.”
“Having overwhelming strength is boring as hell.”– Saitama
“No matter how many weapons you have, no matter how great your technology might be, the world cannot live without love.”– Saitama
“A hero can be anyone who helps others, even if it’s just a little.”– Saitama
“Strength is useless if it crushes others.”– Saitama
“The difference in power between us may be staggering, but I won’t lose because I have something to protect.”– Saitama
“The strongest hero is the one who can find joy in the simplest of things.”– Saitama
“Who the heck decides your limit?”You forgot this Statement though
