1.     For example, during Aangs losing streak with Fire Lord Ozai, he was spontaneously hit with a rock in the right place on his head to jumpstart his Avatar energy.
2.     These moments often ruin the buildup of the plot when overused, as it feels like a random way for a character to win a battle rather than them actually outsmarting and beating their opponent.
3.     Aang & Kataras Relationship Isnt Interesting
4.     Aang and Katara felt more forced at the end of the series than fans were hoping.
5.     An unpopular opinion is that it would have been a much more interesting ending if Aang and Katara had gone their separate ways, with Aang focusing solely on being the Avatar as he should have from the beginning and Katara focusing on paving the way for women waterbenders.
6.     Instead, Aang and Katara were forced into a relationship that felt stiff and limited their character growth.
7.     Plus, the fact that Katara acts more motherly towards Aang than anything else only makes the relationship feel somewhat strange.
8.     Aang Taking Fire Lord Ozais Bending Was Selfish
9.     An unpopular fan opinion claims that Aang should have taken Firelord Ozais life instead of his bending.
10.     It was dangerous to allow Fire Lord Ozai to live after all the atrocities he had committed, especially considering the risk hell commit more, even without his bending.
11.     But because of Aangs code, he selfishly took away Fire Lord Ozais bending instead of killing him as he should have.
12.     Even worse, the ability to take away his bending was presented as a deus ex machina that didnt match the previous rules of the world that Avatar: The Last Airbender had previously set up.
13.     Aang Wasnt A Good Protagonist
14.     Even outside the incident with Firelord Ozai, Aang had been shown to act selfishly on a number of occasions, such as when he chose Katara over the Avatar state .
15.     He sabotaged and was often pushy with his friends, but it all seemed to be constantly overlooked.
16.     He showed almost no major growth throughout the series, making him a lame protagonist as well.
17.     Aangs childish nature never left , and its hard to say whether that was a good or bad thing.
18.     His lack of growth makes him a less interesting character when compared to the growth fans saw in characters like Sokka and Zuko.
19.     Unlike Fire Lord Ozai, Long Feng was significantly more cunning and also had a strong grip on the nation that he was essentially running.
20.     Plus, he was one of the few villains that Aang didnt technically defeat , making him all the more interesting.
21.     Katara and Aang shouldn’t have ended up together.
22.     Katara had such a motherly instinct towards Aang that it just felt weird for them to end up together.
23.     Katara and Zuko: now there’s a ship I’ll sink with.
24.     They had so many moments together that felt like they were leading to a romantic relationship.
25.     The Crystal Catacombs, when they sought out Katara’s mother’s killer, and going together to fight Azula.
26.     ZUKO TOOK A LIGHTNING BLAST FOR HER.
27.     Not to mention yin and yang!
28.     That was a whole plot point with the moon and ocean fish in the Season 1 finale.
29.     Fire and water, yin and yang.
30.     It wouldve been so good.
31.     Aang taking away Ozais bending is beyond stupid.
32.     Aang taking away Ozai’s bending instead of killing him was a dangerously stupid and selfish move.
33.     He remains true to his values as an Air Nomad, but Ozai still holds political and military strength without his bending.
34.     Energybending was a total deus ex machina.
35.     The ending was still good, but giving Aang such an easy out with his moral dilemma was lazy.
36.     Aang choosing Katara over the Avatar State is a mistake.
37.     Aang should have sacrificed his love for Katara.
38.     He was training with that guru dude to control the Avatar State, but at the last hurdle, he lost it because he refused to give up his love for Katara.
39.     By letting his love go, he would be making a huge sacrifice (good for the plot) without compromising his morals about killing (good for the character), and would leave a clear path for Katara and Zuko to end up together (good for my soul).
40.     It would have brought the whole story full circle as it began when Aang let his personal feelings get in the way of his duties by running away and accidentally turning into a human icicle, so it should have ended with Aang putting his duties as Avatar before everything else.
41.     The fanbase puts Iroh on too high of a pedestal.
42.     Refusing to fight Ozai when he was told that he was only one to stop him at the time was just weird.
43.     Also, his advice isn’t always great: telling Aang to give up the power that can save the world for Katara was terrible advice.
44.     Aang is a problematic protagonist.
45.     Aang was kinda problematic at times.
46.     He tried to push his own belief system onto Katara, he let her do all of the emotional labor in their relationship, and he kept kissing her despite the fact that she was not interested.
47.     Also, when Katara and Sokka had a chance to see their father, whom they had not seen in TWO YEARS, Aang hid the map from them!
48.     Aang does not deserve his loyal fanbase.
49.     Aang was a terrible Avatar: he was selfish, self-entitled, and unreliable.
50.     Throughout three seasons, he was more destructive than he was productive.
51.     He never had the guts it took to be a great Avatar, and he never will.
52.     Compared to Katara, he was practically useless.
53.     If it werent for Team Aang, Aang himself wouldnt be as beloved as he is.
54.     Aang and Kataras relationship is beyond lame.
55.     The show ending with Aang and Katara officially getting together was a huge disservice to their characters.
56.     I wouldve much rather seen Aang devote himself to being historys most revolutionary Avatar and Katara breaking boundaries as a renowned female waterbending master.
57.     The two of them worked so hard in all three seasons just for the final focus to be on their uncomfortable, forced relationship.
58.     Aang and Katara are the Ron and Hermione of Avatar: entirely too forced.
