1.     Netflix's Avatar: The Last Airbender has sparked a debate among fans over a notable change to Aang.
2.     By Nick Valdez - February 3, 2024 11:06 pm EST Avatar: The Last Airbender will be going through a few changes for it's new live-action series adaptation with Netflix, and one change to Aang has already sparked a debate among fans of the original animated series!
3.     Avatar: The Last Airbender's new live-action series faces the major task of adapting the classic animated series into its new eight episode format, and that means a lot of the material from the first season of that original series is likely not going to make it into this version.
4.     That's even more necessary when noting any particular new material that could make it into this upcoming adaptation.
5.     Avatar: The Last Airbender fans have been curious about what to expect from Netflix's live-action series adaptation, and the showrunner and executive producer Albert Kim has sparked another debate among fans for revealing a change they're making to Aang's journey in the first season.
6.     Explaining that to make their serialized drama version of the series, they needed to direct Aang more towards his goals rather than have him trying to explore other detours or adventures.
7.     Which Kim explains is necessary when going from episodic to a more condensed narrative.
8.     Speaking to IGN about these changes, "So we decided to make Aang's narrative drive a little clearer," Kim began.
9.     "In the first season of the animated series, he's kind of going from place to place looking for adventures.
10.     He even says, 'First, we've got to go and ride the elephant koi.'
11.     It's a little looser as befits a cartoon.
12.     We needed to make sure that he had that drive from the start.
13.     And so, that's a change that we made."
14.     Elaborating further on how this change gives Aang more drive into learning the other elements, Kim gave a more concrete example of the change.
15.     "We essentially give him this vision of what's going to happen and he says, 'I have to get to the Northern Water Tribe to stop this from happening. '," Kim continued.
16.     "That gives him much more narrative compulsion going forward, as opposed to, 'Let's make a detour and go ride the elephant koi,' that type of thing.
17.     So that's something, again, that's part of the process of going from a Nickelodeon cartoon to a Netflix serialized drama."
18.     This has sparked a major debate among fans as those "detours" are what made that first season so intriguing.
19.     The following two seasons are darker, yes, but it's because that first season does all of the ground work in established its world with a fun dynamic between its core characters.
20.     These episodic stories, and Aang's reluctance to become the Avatar are parts of the main story.
21.     While it seems like they are throwaway episodes, it's how Aang and the others mature to properly face what happens later.
22.     It's something that this new series is eschewing in favor of a more condensed narrative.
23.     Related: It's yet to be revealed as ot whether or not this will be a great chance, but Avatar: The Last Airbender will be releasing with Netflix on February 22nd.
24.     Avatar: The Last Airbender previously saw Zach Tyler Eisen voice Aang.
25.     By Megan Peters - April 11, 2024 02:51 pm EDT The time has come, gang.
26.     If you have been waiting for Aang to make their return to the screen, the team at Avatar Studios has you covered.
27.     In the wake of the live-action Avatar: The Last Airbender hit, all eyes are on the animated series.
28.     After all, Avatar: The Last Airbender is getting its first-ever animated movie with Eric Nam overseeing Aang as an adult.
29.     And now, the actor-singer is speaking out on the whole ordeal.
30.     Taking to X (Twitter), Nam shared a cheeky response to the news that he has been cast as the new voice of Aang.
31.     The actor responded to a post detailing the Paramount announcement with a series of emojis: 👀🫶.
32.     So there you have it. Nam, a popular musician and K-pop idol, is ready to take on the role of Aang.
33.     According to the new reveal from Paramount, Nam will be joined on screen by Dave Bautista.
34.     The star, who is known best for playing Drax in Guardians of the Galaxy, will voice an original villain in the movie.
35.     At this point, Avatar: The Last Airbender is still aiming to release its new movie in 2025.
36.     But despite a buzzing CinemaCon panel this week, Paramount did not confirm any further details about the movie's premiere.
37.     As you can imagine, this casting update is pretty major for Avatar: The Last Airbender. It has been a hot minute since we've gotten word on Aang's animated voice.
38.     Originally, child actor Zach Tyler Eisen oversaw the role but chose to step back from the acting world as he grew older.
39.     In the sequel The Legend of Korra, DB Sweeney was asked to voice Aang as an older man, and now it is Nam's turn to take over the gig.
40.     Related: If you are not caught up on all things Avatar, the series is easy to binge.
41.     You can find the hit series streaming on Paramount+ as well as Netflix.
42.     You can also find the first season of Netflix's Avatar: The Last Airbender streaming.
43.     The live-action production earned solid reviews from fans upon launch, and Netflix has already ordered two more seasons of the fantastical hit.
