Aang is the only known Air Nomad to be considered an honorary member of the  Southern Water Tribe .
Despite being the most powerful  bender  in the world, Aang consistently seeks non-violent solutions and believes in the power of understanding and compassion.
Aang is shown as the airbender in the  opening sequence  of  The Legend of Korra .
Michael Dante DiMartino stated that Aang was the hardest character to find a voice actor for across both series. 
"A vendor in the Earth Kingdom renamed his seaweed wraps ""Aang rolls"" after noticing how much the Avatar liked them. "
Aang and  Piandao  are the only two confirmed characters in the original series to have had both their parents as benders.
"Aang was shown energybending at the end of the original series and in the last episode of the first book of  The Legend of Korra .
 Although in the original series, Aang took Ozai's bending away, in  The Legend of Korra , he restored Korra's bending. 
 Aang was the first person known to be capable of restoring another's bending."
Aang  was portrayed by  Noah Ringer  in the film  The Last Airbender , and by  Gordon Cormier  in Netflix's live action  Avatar: The Last Airbender .
Considering that Aang did not officially begin his Avatar training until he was released from the iceberg, he became a fully realized Avatar more quickly than any other known Avatar, doing so in only twelve months.
Aang has met the original source of every bending art: a  flying bison  for air, the  Moon Spirit  for water,  badgermoles  for earth, and  two dragons  for fire.
In July 2020, the online game,  Smite , launched a battle pass that featured two skins with which the player could alter the appearance of  Merlin , a wizard who uses different elements in battle, to look like Aang did in Book One or like he did during his final battle against Ozai, complete with access to the Avatar State.  
Chronologically, Aang has the second-longest lifespan of any known Avatar, dying 165 years after his birth; he is beaten by Kyoshi, who lived to the age of 230.
"When the creators first pitched the series, Aang was a ten-year-old boy; however, after a suggestion from Eric Coleman, they ""aged him up"" to be two years older. "
Since Avatar Roku was the maternal great-grandfather of Zuko, Azula, and Kiyi, and was the previous Avatar, Aang, Zuko, Azula, and Kiyi were all spiritually related. Also, since Roku was Ursa's grandfather, Aang was also spiritually related to Ursa. 
"Aang's stature and bodily proportions were inspired conceptually by the forms and Gung Fu movements of a young boy named Arjuna.   Photographed for reference by Bryan Konietzko at age six, Arjuna's contribution was one of the early collaborations between the  Avatar  team and Sifu Kisu, Arjuna being Kisu's son.  
 Though  Bryan Konietzko  did not design Aang's shaved, bald head with his fellow co-creator,  Michael Dante DiMartino , in mind, he did base Aang's beard as an adult off of DiMartino's. "
"Aang was the first known Avatar to be bloodbent   and the second-youngest known human victim of the art after Tarrlok.
 He was also the second known person to break free of a bloodbender's hold by their own doing, although he was only able to do so by entering the Avatar State. "
In some episodes, he shows  flight  abilities with airbending. One technique for this is to make a sphere of air and ride on it, which Aang calls the  Air Scooter . Other methods of flying include his glider, and Appa. In the Avatar State, Aang can also fly inside a ball of air.
Aang was originally voiced by voice actor  Rob Paulsen  in  The Legend of Korra  before being revoiced post-production by  D. B. Sweeney . 
Aang’s agility and graceful movements earned him the nickname “ Twinkle  Toes” from his friends and allies.
Aang was seen wearing a necklace, similar to the one that was on Gyatso's skeleton,   at Zuko's coronation. 
Aang is the first known Avatar to have his photograph taken. 
After Aang was shot in the back with Azula's lightning, he had two scars: one on his back where the lightning entered his body and the other on the sole of his left foot where the lightning left his body. 
Despite being the most powerful  bender  in the world, Aang consistently seeks non-violent solutions and believes in the power of understanding and compassion.
"Avatar Extras  for "" The Great Divide "" stated that the  egg custard tart  was Aang's favorite food, which was evident when he discovered it in the Great Divide."
"Aang choosing four toys out of thousands — to identify him as the Avatar as these four toys were the same ones that past Avatars had chosen for generations when they were children   — was the same procedure used by the Tibetan Buddhist monks to recognize the next reincarnation of the Tulku Lama. According to the book Magic and Mystery in Tibet by Alexandra David-Néel, ""a number of objects such as rosaries, ritualistic implements, books, tea-cups, etc., are placed together, and the child must pick out those which belonged to the late Tulku, thus showing that he recognizes the things which were in his previous life."
"The names of the first episode, "" The Boy in the Iceberg "", and the last episode, "" Sozin's Comet, Part 4: Avatar Aang "", show Aang's growth and maturity throughout the series, how he went from being a goofy, naive kid in the beginning to becoming a fully realized Avatar by the end. "
Aang is a playable character in  Nickelodeon 's video game titled  Nickelodeon Kart Racers 2: Grand Prix . 
Aang was left-handed in one of his past lives, as mentioned by Katara. 
Despite being the most powerful  bender  in the world, Aang consistently seeks non-violent solutions and believes in the power of understanding and compassion.
