IGN:	With the great animation, various storylines and characters in the series, there's a lot to digest, making for some great story telling. What were your influences when coming up with this series?
BRYAN:	"Mike and I were really interested in other epic ""Legends & Lore"" properties, likeHarry PotterandLord of the Rings, but we knew that we wanted to take a different approach to that type of genre. Our love for Japanese Anime, Hong Kong action & Kung Fu cinema, yoga, and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration forAvatar."
MIKE:	Bryan and I love the films of Hayao Miyazaki.  The stories and emotional depth ofSpirited Away, andPrincess Mononokewere big inspirations for us when we began creatingAvatar.  Also, the character design and animation ofFooly Coolyfrom studio Gainex was influential as well.
IGN:	Each character is incredibly unique and compelling -- Aang has huge talents and is incredibly kind, but is also naive, where Prince Zuko is rather brash. How did you conceive these characters and their backgrounds? Were they influenced from other characters, fictional or otherwise, or are they something that you had floating around beforehand?
MIKE:	One of the inspirations for Aang was the trickster hero, common to many world mythologies.  We wanted Aang to solve problems and defeat enemies with his wits as well as his powerful abilities.
BRYAN:	"For Zuko, we wanted to avoid the usual moustache twisting two-dimensional villain.  It is much more interesting for us to create an antagonist whose motivations are the pain of abuse and falling from grace.  It makes the bad things he does resonate emotionally, since they come from a place people can empathize with, rather than having some ""super villain"" who just cooks up evil plots all of the time."
IGN:	The voice casting is really inspired, with top-tier talent appearing in your show. Actors like Jason Issacs, Mako, Clancy Brown, Phil LaMarr and Mark Hamill all bring such fantastic life to these characters. Are they people that you pursued, or did they just click with their respective characters during the auditions?
MIKE:	We've been honored to work with such a great group of actors.  From the main cast on down, all the actors have infused their characters with a lot of emotional depth.  When I was first writing dialogue for the character of Zhao, I was inspired by Jason Isaacs' chilling performance as the villain inThe Patriot.  So when the time came to cast the character, I asked our casting director, Maryanne Dacey, if she could find someone like Jason Isaacs.  A few days later, she got the real deal instead.
IGN:	During theAvatarpanel at this year's San Diego Comic Convention, you mentioned that the late Mako helped out quite a bit with shaping who Uncle Iroh was, adding great depth to an already likeable character. Would you mind expanding on that?
MIKE:	"Bryan and I had seen Mako in a couple films and we offered him the role without even hearing an audition.  The first time he recorded, we knew he was perfect.  He was really funny and brought a lot of warmth to the character.  But he can also sound very wise and serious when he needs to.  We're honored that he was a part of ""Avatar."""
IGN:	How did you determine the different styles of martial arts used by the different benders?
BRYAN:	"We knew we wanted the ""magic"" in our show to be different than the typical wand-wielding spell-casting fare. For us, it had to be natural and physical, with a source and rules and limitations - and most importantly it had to be a skill rather than just a power, something that a practitioner had to learn and strive for.  We wanted the elemental ""bending"" to be based on authentic Chinese traditional martial arts, believing this would lend a beauty and resonance to the animation and the fictitious disciplines. Once we had that idea, I started looking for a Kung Fu teacher/Martial Arts consultant. My search led me to Sifu Kisu and I began training with him right away. He has been a valuable part of the project ever since."
MIKE:	After we discussed the concept of the show with Sifu Kisu, he suggested that each of the different Nations could have a different style of Kung Fu.  So the circular movements of Ba Gua became Airbending; the fluid movements of Tai Chi became Waterbending; the powerful Hung Gar style was perfect for Earthbending; and the fast, aggressive style of Northern Shaolin was the inspiration for Firebending.
IGN:	With this show being animated but not anime, were you surprised to see all of the fans of Japanese animation becoming fans of the show? Do you feel that U.S. animation gets the respect it deserves when compared to anime?
MIKE:	Since a lot ofAvatar'sinspiration comes from anime and Asian culture, we hoped that anime fans would like it.  But, when you're creating something, you never know what the response will be.  Bryan and I wanted to create a show with a lot of heart - something we would want to watch, and thankfully, a lot of other people want to watch it too.
BRYAN:	I'll just say that America - us included - has a long way to go to catch up with the animated work being done in a handful of countries, namely Japan.
IGN:	I've seen the entire first season and bits and pieces from the second, so forgive me if this has already been answered, but while watching the series, there's been one question that's really been occurring to me time and again: What does the arrow on Aang's head mean?
MIKE:	All Airbenders get tattoos on their head, arms, and legs once they master Airbending.  The arrows run along the chi paths in the body.  Aang was the youngest Airbender to ever master Airbending so he received his tattoos at a very early age.  The Airbenders were inspired by the arrows on the heads of the air bison, the original Airbenders.
IGN:	You have an incredibly devoted following, which we discovered in San Diego, as there were literally hundreds of people dressed up as characters fromAvatar, showing their support to the show. Was the show's overwhelming success a pleasant surprise, or was it something you anticipated?
MIKE:	We thought people would like the show, but we never anticipated how much they would like the show and that they'd want to dress up like the characters.  And not just the main characters, either.  Some of the fans dressed up as characters that only show up in one episode for a few minutes.  That's some dedication.  We appreciate all the fan support and enthusiasm.
IGN:	What can we expect forAvatar'sthird season? Will this season be the final installment to theAvatarworld?
MIKE:	This particular, three season arc will end in an exciting way that wraps up the story of Aang and Zuko.  However, Bryan and I have other ideas to expand theAvataruniverse, so hopefully the world will live on for a long time.
IGN:	What can you say to older audiences to help draw them into the show?
MIKE:	I'd encourage them to watch a few episodes and check it out.  We've discovered that once people see the show they are totally hooked.  If you're intoStar Wars,Lord of the Rings,Harry Potter, or any of those expansive worlds that draw on mythology and epic storytelling, then you'll probably like Avatar too.
IGN:	Thanks a lot for your time guys! Good luck on Book 3: Fire.
MIKE:	Thanks for the interview!  And let everyone know that the Complete Book 2 box set is coming out on September 11 and season 3 premieres on Nickelodeon on September 21 at 8:30 pm!
MIKE:	Bryan and I had hoped that people would connect with the characters and the stories the way we did, but you can never be sure how it will be received.  I’m grateful for all the fans who have come along on this journey with us.
BRYAN:	We just made sure it was a show we believed in and would want to watch ourselves.  We weren’t trying to pander to a specific audience.  We’re just always trying to create stories and characters from an honest place.  Luckily, that quality seems to strike a chord with people of all ages, from many parts of the world.
DHC:	What's been the most surprising part of the whole adventure that A:TLA has been for you both?
MIKE:	I’m happy and a little surprised that we’re still working in the Avatar universe after almost 10 years.  Creating a new series and seeing the original characters come to life in graphic novel form is really exciting.  It’s great that people keep watching and new fans are discovering the original series all the time.
BRYAN:	I think the most surprising thing to me is that it doesn’t get any easier to make, even after all this time!
DHC:	The coming graphic novels follow the show and attempt to seed the world for the eventual Legend of Korra series, how much of the history and future of the world of A:TLA do you have planned out?
MIKE:	We figured out a lot of the big events that needed to occur in order for the events in “Legend of Korra” to make sense.  We wanted to have a more urban, technological setting and explore the theme of tradition vs. modernity.  And since the story takes place 70 years after the original series, we wanted to show how the world had changed over time.  This naturally led us to the setting of Republic City, a melting pot for all the world’s benders and non-benders, sort of what New York City was like in the 1920s and 30s.   The graphic novels do a great job of showing where the seeds of Republic City begin and will continue to explore Aang and Zuko’s part in creating it.
DHC:	Beyond the next book and Legend of Korra are there any other parts of the story you think need to be told, be it comics or cartoons?
MIKE:	We know the fans are dying to know what happened to Zuko’s mom, so hopefully we will have an answer for them in the near future.   And yes, we have ideas for the past and future of the Avatar world, but at this point it’s too early to talk about anything concrete.  The Avatar universe is vast and full of stories to be told!
DHC:	What part of the coming books do you think will surprise fans?
MIKE:	It’s not exactly a surprise, but I’m excited about how well the graphic novel has come together.  The writer, Gene Yang, was already a fan of the show when we first talked to him about the story, and he’s brought a great sense of drama, humor, and heart to the project.  And the artwork by Gurihiru is charming, dynamic, and beautiful.  The book really feels like an organic extension of the show in the best way possible.
DHC:	If you had a super power what would it be?
MIKE:	I’ll take flying. Or that thing Nightcrawler does when he pops from place to place.
