1	Joe Grunenwald: Let’s start by talking about Harley.
2	With Fear State starting, it seems like she has maybe her first official Bat-mission.
3	She’s been working on her own so far, but now she’s got a clear purpose, to unite the two Poison Ivys.
4	Stephanie Phillips: I think some of the pressure that she’s putting on is personal, because it’s not just ‘go unite the two Poison Ivy pieces.’ She has this relationship with Ivy, and I think that’s a really complicated mission for her to carry out just personally.
5	But, you know, for Harley, I think it’s a really important mission for her because there’s a lot of choices we’re going to have to see her make.
6	She’s on this new path, [and] is Ivy going to be on this path with her?
7	And is she going to be okay carrying out the mission, even if the answer to those things is ‘no’?
8	So it’s going to be a big test for Harley, and that’s one of the reasons I’m really looking forward to Fear State.
9	Grunenwald: What’s The Gardener’s angle in all of this and in working with Harley on this?
10	What is she after?
11	So you have the dynamic of [The Gardener as] a past girlfriend of Poison Ivy’s, and I love that the dynamic with Harley has never been a competition or jealousy.
12	So I like her personality, and I also like that, I think she gets Harley a little bit because she understands there’s a good dynamic between her and Ivy.
13	So Gardener is kind of a cool character who gets to come in and, at least in our book, kind of support and help Harley on this mission and kind of kickstart that mission to go get Poison Ivy.
14	So I feel like we’ve kind of been developing Kevin as someone that’s on a similar journey to Harley, and here is where we get to see Kevin really make some of his own decisions.
15	If he’s trying to imitate Harley as she’s going on the Poison Ivy mission, Kevin is back in Gotham, [and] we’re gonna get to see him in a new costume that he models a bit on Harley’s.
16	And so it becomes, is he just making a decision to become Harley?
17	I love the costume we’re giving him, and his relationship with Harley is incredibly important, and we’re definitely discussing that, but also giving him kind of his own things so that can feel really solidified, personally, and as a character.
18	Grunenwald: How is Kevin going to react to the potential return of Poison Ivy to Harley’s life?
19	But my favorite thing coming up with Kevin is, and not to like spoil too much, but Harley is not going to be the only one with a romantic line in the comic.
20	So getting to explore some stuff for Kevin is really important so that, you know, Harley [isn’t] the only person in this book who has a fully-formed life.
21	I see a parallel between Keepsake and Harley as a henchperson who sort of comes into their own and tries to forge their own identity.
22	And how do you think Keepsake diverges from what Harley is trying to do with herself?
23	They’re all going to take different paths, and so it was really exciting to take someone like Keepsake and say, somebody like I think Kevin’s path is different, Harley’s is different, and Keepsake’s is obviously very different, but there’s something scary there.
24	And it’s something that Batman is asking as well, and some mysterious things start happening in the Arkham Tower construction site that lead Batman to go investigate, and eventually Harley to get involved as well.
25	But Harley being all about accountability and redemption will actually offer some interesting insight to Batman.
26	It’s almost like a post-Fear State kind of thing, so there are some editorial notes to recap parts in Harley, but essentially if you’re reading Harley it will kind of lead into the Detective backup stories a bit in terms of what’s going on in Gotham and how the S.A.F.E.
27	One of the big things that I’m interested in, with Harley, with Wonder Woman, with any queer characters that I get to take on — I’m a big proponent that we get to just exist without justifying that element.
28	For Harley, there’s never been a segment of questioning her identity, and I find that to be amazing, she can just talk about it without having to have a monologue about what it means to be a bisexual woman.
29	So these things can be, like, an element of who Diana is, but in this one, I think we’re looking more at some of the larger questions of where she fits in on Earth or with the Amazons or with the gods.
30	I think with Harley, it has been explored there.
