1	Harley Quinn was created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini.
2	Her actual first appearance in the DC universe was in Batman: The Animated Series in the episode ""Joker's Favor.""
3	She was originally intended to be just a one-shot character, but proved to be so popular that she was ultimately adapted into the mainstream comics.
4	Harley's Olympic-level gymnastic skills have said to rival that of Nightwing and Catwoman.
5	Harley is the second most recurring villain of the DC Animated Universe (ahead of Joker and behind Lex Luthor).
6	Harley Quinn was supposed to appear alongside the Scarecrow as one of the main antagonists of Batman Unchained, a planned fifth entry in the live action Batman film series that ran from 1989 to 1997.
7	Here, she would have been rewritten as the daughter of the Joker from the first film seeking revenge for her father with Alicia Hunt as the mother.
8	However, after the universal negative reception to the fourth entry, Batman & Robin, the film was cancelled.
9	In Batman Unchained, Harley would have been portrayed by Madonna.
10	Harley Quinn was supposed to appear as a DLC character in Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, but this was cancelled when the developer, Midway, went bankrupt.
11	She is featured in the sci-fi movie Ready Player One.
12	She is the icon of the more categories needed template.
13	The New Earth version of Harley Quinn is Jewish but her Prime Earth counterpart seems to be foreign to Jewish tradition.
14	However, it has been confirmed in DC Rebirth Holiday Special 2017 that Prime Earth Harley Quinn is Christian-Jewish like her New Earth self.
15	Similarly, Harley Quinn from Batman: The Animated Series dislikes the taste of fish, while Harley Quinn of Prime Earth likes anchovies on pizza (although they make her gassy).
16	Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy's relationship is so popular that as far back as Batman: The Animated Series, people saw Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy's friendship as a romantic relationship, with there even being a comic implying this (though, the comic itself is ambiguous as Harley is equating her friendship with Ivy, with Batgirl's own with Supergirl, which is not romantic).
17	In Harlequinade, Harley claims that she's not a natural blonde - it's never revealed what her natural hair color is.
18	It's revealed in The Laughing Fish that Harley is disgusted, to the point of vomiting, by the taste of fish.
19	Bud and Lou, her pet hyenas, first appeared in ""The Man who Killed Batman"".
20	A possible reference to American comedy duo Bud Abbott and Lou Costello.
21	Harley Quinn is by far the most popular character of the DC Animated Universe.
22	Harley often serves as the arch-nemesis of Batgirl (notably in Gotham Girls).
23	Harley serves as Joker and Poison Ivy's conscience and soft spot.
24	In the case of the former, however, it is evident that his affection towards her is merely a ploy to get her to remain on his side.
25	Harley Quinn was introduced into the mainstream comics after the success of her debut in Batman the Animated Series.
26	In the comics she shared a close friendship and later romance with other Batman adversary Poison Ivy.
27	She eventually broke from Joker's control over her after he abused her for too long, eventually becoming a hero and ally to Batman.
28	Harley implies that she may have schizophrenia, as she claims to hear voices; she also implies that she hallucinates to as she mentions being ""off her meds"" upon seeing the Enchantress's magical superweapon.
29	Granted, despite her clear mental instability, the sarcastic way she phrases both imply she's joking.
30	In promoting the film, this version of Harley Quinn was added to the mobile version of DC's video game Injustice: Gods Among Us.
31	She, alongside the Joker, was added alongside Deadshot to the game, while members of Suicide Squad were also added as ""gear cards.""
32	According to her mug shot, she was caught by Batman on October 13, 2014.; According to Zack Snyder, the death of Robin takes place 10 years before the events of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, which takes place in 2015, placing Dick's death in 2005.
33	In Suicide Squad, it is revealed that Harley was involved with Robin's murder.
34	However, Harley was born in 1990, which would have made her 15 at the time of Robin's murder.
35	David Ayer later revealed that Harley being implicated in Robin's death was added by the Trailer Park, and not his original intent for the character.
36	In the animated prologue of Birds of Prey (And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn), it was confirmed that Harley is bisexual like her comic counterpart, and has always been such; she dated two men and one woman before she became Joker's girlfriend.
37	According to Birds of Prey: And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn, she voted Bernie Sanders in the 2016 (and most likely 2020) democratic primary election.
38	Harley claims she's unable to swim.
39	According to David Ayer's original script, Harley Quinn and Deadshot were supposed to end up in a relationship.
40	Harley is one of the DCEU characters who appears as a player skin in Fortnite.
41	Her two skin appearances are based on her looks in Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
42	Harley's costume in The Suicide Squad is based on her outfit in the Batman: Arkham video games, with the jacket having been based on biker culture.
43	Harley voted for Bernie Sanders.
44	She worked as a Daily Planet staff member with the pseudonym of ""Holly Chance"".
45	Harley Quinn is of Jewish descent.
46	Her favorite book is Clive Cussler's Sahara.
47	The Joker claimed that she has HPV.
48	In ""Being Harley Quinn"", it's suggested she is the same age as Frankie Muniz, which would put her birth year at around 1985 if the character's age is the same as that of the real-life actor although the character's age has never been confirmed.
49	Harley is who came up with the nickname of Two-Face.
50	In ""Something Borrowed, Something Green"" Harley says she's an ordained minister and got a license online and made it into a lanyard.
51	Harley is a big fan of the Jurassic Park movies and the Shrek movies.
52	Harley's original outfit pays homage to her appearance in Batman: The Animated Series while her new outfit she gets in the pilot is based on her appearance in the DC Rebirth era of comics.
53	Show-runner Patrick Schumacker has stated that the idea was to both modernize her look while also paying homage to the past.
54	Kaley Cuoco's Big Bang Theory castmate, Melissa Rauch, voiced the same character in Batman & Harley Quinn.
55	Harley also had a cameo in a DC Live action Television Series ""Titans"" which would mean that the show is a part of the Arrowverse Multiverse.
