1	Catwoman and Harley Quinn take center stage in a Batman: Caped Crusader video.
2	"Later, after Batman asks Catwoman who she is, the Princess of Plunder avows, ""Catwoman, dear."
3	"Following this, Alfred asks who would be able to ""convince some of Gotham's greediest men to give away all their worldly possessions,"" which is followed by Dr. Harleen Quinzel trapping a patient."
4	"As the video comes to a close, Harley Quinn inquires, ""How many criminals do you have to catch before you feel better, Batman?"
5	"Tying into this, Batman: Caped Crusader co-creator Bruce Timm delved into the big changes given to Harley Quinn in May, professing at the time, ""I co-created the character, so I have a lot of love and affection for her, but I thought there might be something interesting about bringing her on the show, just not as Joker’s girlfriend."
6	The original Dr. Quinzel was a little bit more serious, and then when she became Harley, she got really goofy and weird.
7	When she's Dr. Quinzel, she's a little bit more whimsical and fun, and then when she's Harley Quinn, she's scary.
8	"Subsequently, Batman: Caped Crusader star Jamie Chung teased the show's take on Harley Quinn, affirming that Harley seems like she really cares about her clients, but she's ""kind of like a Robin Hood."
9	"Chung went on to further note that Harley ""takes it upon herself to bring justice in her own way,"" concluding, ""It's kind of creepy."
10	They really wanted (Harley Quinn) to be very menacing—a bit more quiet and calculating.
11	In a weird way, she's like a dominatrix.
12	You're in all this pain, and yet she's telling you what to do, and 'You've been a bad boy…
13	During the Harley Quinn panel at the recent 2024 San Diego Comic-Con, attendees were treated to exclusive footage from the hit animated show’s highly-anticipated fifth season.
14	The unreleased teaser previews what’s next for Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and their friends.
15	Per Collider, the footage confirmed that Harley and Ivy are officially moving out of the crime-ridden Gotham, which is surprising when the Season 3 finale previously teased the formation of the Gotham City Sirens.
16	In Harley Quinn Season 5, the fan-favorite lovebirds will now be moving to sunny Metropolis, along with friends such as King Shark and Bane.
17	It also promised more scenes between Harley and Superman, after the anti-hero saved the Man of Steel during the Season 3 finale.
18	Harley Quinn is created and executive produced by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker, and showrunner Dean Lorey.
19	The adult-animated series features the voices of Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Christopher Meloni as Commissioner Gordon, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, James Wolk as Superman and more.
20	Now that that series will have a new location for Season 5, it remains to be seen how this will affect last season’s cliffhangers, which saw Talia al Ghul resurrecting Nightwing, who she may use to her advantage.
21	In a previous interview, Lorey had confirmed that Harley Quinn Season 5 will see “the old gang back together,” after a season of pursuing different career paths from each other.
22	According to Lorey, the spinoff will definitely give fans a few Easter eggs about Harley Quinn Season 5’s storyline.
23	“Without giving anything away, the end of Kite Man Season 1 has a pretty good hint at what Season 5 of Harley is going to involve.
24	Harley Quinn Season 5 will premiere on Max sometime in November 2024.
25	Caped Crusader does, however, include Harley Quinn, who is radically re-imagined from her more traditional incarnations and is still unquestionably the same character.
26	Unfettered from the Crown Prince of Crime at last, she becomes something quite impressive.
27	In a lot of ways, she's more terrifying than she's ever been.
28	Harley was famously created for voice actor Arleen Sorkin on Batman: The Animated Series.
29	She was intended as a riff on an old trope in the Adam West Batman series from the 1960s, when the villain of the week would often be paired with a female sidekick to whom they could explain their evil plan.
30	Harley Quinn quickly became a fan favorite, morphing into the Joker's extremely dysfunctional lover while making The Dark Knight's life a living hell without anyone's assistance.
31	The new direction also rebranded Harley as an anti-heroine, and she remains in the elite class of Batman's vaunted roster of adversaries.
32	Indeed, many people identify with Harley precisely because she's an abuse survivor, and her evolution into her own character wouldn't carry as much weight or meaning without a Clown Prince of Crime for her to escape.
33	Margot Robbie's celebrated incarnation in the DCEU and Kaley Cuoco's anti-heroine from the Harley Quinn animated series both draw much of their energy from their status as survivors.
34	Batman: Caped Crusader jettisons all of that by re-imagining Harley on her own from Day One.
35	That means dropping a good deal of the character that has come before, while keeping enough of her essence to remain Harley regardless.
36	Harley undergoes a complete make-over, stressing her background as a psychiatrist, and taking it in an extremely dark direction.
37	Harley -- who is still Dr. Harleen Quinzel in Caped Crusader -- makes a perfect fit.
38	As Timm explains the new Harley in the show's promotional content
39	In the new series, Harley is a long-standing friend of Barbara Gordon's, a successful therapist with a long list of wealthy clients who often testifies in criminal court cases.
40	Bruce Wayne is ordered to attend therapy with her after a public outburst of violence, and she seems friendly and professional during their sessions.
41	Naturally, not all is as it seems, and while Dr. Quinzel puts on a good front, pieces of something far more disturbing come scuttling out of the corners.
42	Harley is casually manipulative, for starters, with a romantic eye on Detective Renee Montoya that suggests stalker-like behavior.
43	"In her coming-out story -- Season 1, Episode 5, ""The Stress of Her Regard"" -- it's revealed that she hypnotizes her patients and keeps them under control."
44	Her hobby is collecting her most recalcitrant victims in a prison she calls the Playpen.
45	There, she dresses in a variation of her traditional costume, and mentally tortures her subjects to the breaking point.
46	She then dresses them in outfits matching her particular assessment of their psychological make-up.
47	The episode's big reveal plays into fan expectations brilliantly: viewers know she's trouble, but the specifics remain a mystery, giving her true nature a proper kick when it's finally unveiled.
48	The decision to emphasize Harley Quinn's psychiatrist origins provides the most interesting touches.
49	At times, this Harley resembles figures like Hugo Strange and Jonathan Crane, who can strike at Batman's psyche and often come far closer to his deep secrets for comfort.
50	She's truly evil in most ways that count, and yet it's very different from the kind of chaos practiced by the Joker.
51	Harley may be a horrifying monster, but at the end of the day, she's still Harley.
52	In that sense, she echoes Harvey Dent's connection to Bruce, and gives this Barbara some demons to vanquish, as well as confronting the harsh truth that someone she trusted was dangerously unhinged.
53	Of course, there's still the question of the Joker, who Caped Crusader is saving for a big entrance and whose possible connection to Harley has yet to be revealed.
54	Regardless of how the show plays that, however, it has already established an identity for Harley separate from him in every way.
55	At the same time, however, she effortlessly accomplishes the seemingly impossible by excising her abusive ex completely.
56	If they meet and form a relationship at some future point in the series, it will be under radically different terms where she is the more prominent boogeyman.
57	That's something every Harley can get behind, making her newest incarnation very special as well as terrifying.
58	"In Joker: Folie À Deux, Gaga is playing ""Lee,"" a new incarnation of DC's Harley Quinn character."
59	Per Empire, she addressed her performance as Lee in the film, stressing how fans of her music shouldn't go into Joker: Folie À Deux expecting to her Lady Gaga-style music.
60	Because Lee is a character who comes from a very different place in life compared to the real-life performer, Gaga changed the way she sang for the film in a way that felt more true to her on-screen persona.
61	So it’s like removing the technicality of the whole thing, removing my perceived art-form from it all and completely being inside of who she is.”
62	Director Todd Phillips also commented on how Gaga is putting her own spin on the Harley Quinn character.
63	While there may be certain elements of Gaga's Lee that are familiar, this version will, for the most part, be very different from other incarnations of Harley Quinn.
64	"There are things about Harley in the movie that were taken from the comic books, but we took it and molded it to the way we wanted it to be,"" Phillips said."
65	In the first four seasons of Harley Quinn, the show has had comedic spins on many villains.
66	As the aforementioned villains muck things up, it just makes Harley look even better.
67	Interestingly, this version of Bane is actually better fleshed-out and feels like an upgrade to what the parent show has done.
68	The Harley Quinn version of Bane isn't the cold, calculating killer from DC lore.
69	Harley Quinn Season 1 had him scarred from Lex's bullying.
70	He worked with Harley's squad, but he just didn't fit in.
71	He thought Harley ruined his life, so he became Two-Face's pawn.
72	Bane even tried to keep Harley and Poison Ivy in the Pit from the Christopher Nolan movies.
73	Harley and her squad wanted what was best for him.
74	But for some reason, drama kept finding him, which is another reason Team Harley tries to steer clear of the behemoth.
75	As such, Team Harley will open their doors in his time of need, even if it brings trouble their way.
76	He'll transcend that gang and become a hero -- an arc the Harley Quinn series never afforded him.
77	Harley's team and Lex do the same to Bane, using him as muscle or for entertainment.
78	Bane will become a sibling, in a sense, and have more gravitas and direction than just being a punchline in Harley Quinn.
79	One of the most intriguing aspects of Suicide Squad Isekai is how Harley Quinn and her colleagues are facing moral dilemmas.
80	As the show rolls on, it teases a very important role for Harley in this revolution, and what may well be the sidekick she never saw coming.
81	This is none other than Suicide Squad Isekai's Princess Fione, which paves the way for Harley's best story yet.
82	She showed compassion, empathy and heart to them.
83	She was a pure, good soul, letting these kids know she would always be there for them.
84	When they were kids, she tried to help some steal food by revealing key intel.
85	They were punished by death.
86	This explains why Fione has been so depressed, and why she keeps fasting.
87	She's punishing herself after all the guilt.
88	Mentally, she is fraying because she knows her mother is the enemy to democracy, freedom and a better life for all.
89	While Suicide Squad Isekai's Harley comes off as a jester most of the time, there are instances when she gets deep.
90	They often occur when she speaks to Fione.
91	The princess sees Harley as a beacon of hope, inspiration and feminism.
92	She knows how legendary Harley has been in battle for them.
93	The fact Harley also helped tame the prisoners at one of Aldora's forts and get them to follow her says a lot.
94	Harley does mention at one point that she had a liberation of her own.
95	It's why she urges Cecil to act when Aldora doesn't like how the Suicide Squad is performing.
96	After consulting with her parliament, she decides to execute them.
97	Harley's connection to the princess and their mutual respect grows.
98	Fione sees Harley as an icon and a hero; a symbol who can create change.
99	Fione can run away, take whoever wants to ride with her, and support Harley.
100	She clearly wants to learn from Harley.
101	The question is: will Harley be up for being a big sister?
102	She already has a baby dragon to take care of.
103	Plus, she has to babysit Task Force X and ensure they all play well with each other.
104	These villains beat Harley's crew once and left them for dead, so Harley is going to have to think long and hard about if she wants a sidekick to further distract her.
105	Apart from the infant-like King Shark, Harley could do with a sibling.
106	Harley doesn't trust people much outside of the Clown Prince of Crime, so they can talk about love and family.
107	This way, fans would learn more about Harley's history with the Joker.
108	She can help them harness the magic of the land and unlock more powers.
109	Harley, for example, has a giant frying pan and a mystical bat.
110	Fione knows about the supernatural nature of this Isekai world, so she can make them into a better army.
111	Thirdly, Fione can get soldiers on either side to defect and join Harley.
112	In that sense, Harley and Fione can become political symbols, not just folks who are into coups, insurrections and terrorism.
113	Notably, the Harley Quinn cartoon on Max has shaped Harley into a hero.
114	But she saves Gotham with her friends, such as Frank the Plant, Clayface, King Shark, and her lover, Poison Ivy.
115	She then joined the Bat-family.
116	She hasn't ever really had a sidekick, though, or become a leader.
117	Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder #4 in 2023 did give her some temporary sidekicks, but that arc was more style than substance.
118	She is a chance for Harley to transcend being a mercenary.
119	Harley can become a queen.
120	Fione wants to follow this purpose, leaving Harley now to finalize if she will accept this higher calling as a messiah and big sister.
121	Ultimately, Harley has a destiny here that the comics never offered.
122	With many innocents and friends she made dying, the time is right for her to embrace it.
123	By giving familiar faces genre-specific coats of paint — pairing Harley Quinn with a whimsical baby dragon comes to mind — and platforming lesser-known characters like The Thinker in exciting, high-stakes scenarios, the show has established itself as a fertile ground for creative storytelling and character exploration.
124	Once hatched, the wyrm locks eyes with Harley Quinn, creating an instant and precious bond.
125	With pastel scales and a high-pitched coo, he melts audiences' hearts as effectively as he does Harley's.
126	She commands the screen with an unsettling mix of beauty and danger, but her ultimate intentions are still under wraps.
127	This deliberate secrecy keeps viewers hooked, while Enchantress’s enigmatic presence remains captivating every moment she’s on the screen.
128	Between her control over ARGUS agents and Belle Reve prison — not to mention the bombs she's implanted in the squad's heads — Waller maintains an ironclad grip over both the DC world and the fantasy worlds featured in Suicide Squad Isekai.
129	Her unseen hand adds layers of tension and mystery, viewers are left to ponder what she may be up to next.
130	The dynamic between the Joker and Harley Quinn is a highlight in Suicide Squad Isekai, providing a new take on their twisted romance to the myriad already part of the DC canon.
131	Deployed here as an antithesis of Harley Quinn — pitted against her from episode one — the unsung antihero grabs attention with her intense, grounded presence.
132	Katana's silent-but-lethal nature is a refreshing contrast to Harley Quinn’s chaotic antics.
133	While Harley’s mayhem steals the spotlight and owns most of the series' screen time, Katana’s cutting demeanor and tragic backstory — she's widowed; her husband's soul trapped in her sword — steeps each of her appearances with meaning and emotionality.
134	Ever since her Batman: The Animated Series debut, Harley Quinn has made waves as a standout leading lady in the DC rogues gallery.
135	Now, with Suicide Squad Isekai, the way is cleared for the former Dr. Harlene Quinzel to add anime alongside her multimedia accolades.
136	The series cleverly takes advantage of Harley's being off-world to explore the clash between her compassionate side— leftover from her days as a mental health professional — and her chaotic, criminal tendencies.
137	By setting Harley in a new universe, the show gives her character ripe soil to harvest new revelations.
138	It’s a smart move that makes Harley Quinn a compelling and memorable force in the isekai genre, not just a wild card.
139	Harley Quinn showrunner Dean Lorey has revealed what fans can expect from the highly-anticipated fifth season of the Kaley Cuoco-led animated series.
140	"According to TVLine, Lorey confirmed that Harley Quinn Season 5 will bring ""the old gang back together,"" after Harley and Ivy decided to follow different career paths during the fourth season."
141	Harley Quinn is created and executive produced by Lorey, Justin Halpern, and Patrick Schumacker, based on the character created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm.
142	Executive producer and lead star Kaley Cuoco will also be coming back for Season 5 to reprise her iconic voice role as Harley Quinn.
143	will tell a standalone story, he admitted that the spinoff’s Season 1 finale episode will give fans a hint about Harley Quinn’s Season 5 storyline.
144	"Without giving anything away, the end of Kite Man Season 1 has a pretty good hint at what Season 5 of Harley is going to involve,"" he said."
145	While waiting for Harley Quinn Season 5, fans can now watch the first two episodes of the Kite Man spinoff on Max.
146	While fans dug Harley and Ivy in the Harley Quinn cartoon, Matt Oberg's Kite Man similarly impressed audience members.
147	She hates how her skating career is floundering, so this is a new start for her, too.
148	She also had a demonic monster named Chessure as a pet.
149	She's also worried that people like Bane are allergic to the cute cat.
150	Part of her wants to show she can cause a buzz without Malice's help.
151	It led to her making snarky comments and alienating Malice to the point she doesn't care what her cat does.
152	Kite Man is angry and fires Malice, believing she has sullied their brand.
153	"He chides her for being a ""leech,"" even indicating her dead parents wouldn't be proud of the abject failure she has become."
154	She knows what it's like to have been around toxic men; it's why the selfless, vulnerable Chuck is such a breath of fresh air.
155	She wouldn't have anyone speak to Malice this way.
156	She makes it clear Malice has what it takes to be successful.
157	She confirms they made Malice their social media manager, with better pay and perks like dental.
158	If she, Granny Goodness or the other Furies hit up Noonan's for a girls' night out, they could find the weapon.
159	On the human side, fans can't wait to see if Glider will become a mentor, or if she and Malice will clash more.
160	When the Harley Quinn cartoon caught fire, one of the most impressive elements was Matt Oberg's Kite Man.
161	In the process, a love triangle ensued, which led to Ivy leaving Kite Man for Harley.
162	The problem is, there are scarier villains around, making Kite Man feel a bit diminished.
163	It has that playful energy of the Harley Quinn series, but also the dark theme of consequences, as this equation could end all life on Earth, as well as in the galaxy.
164	It's a major kill, because while the Green Lanterns haven't been crucial in the Harley Quinn plot, Sinestro has.
165	He has a knack for wanting to enslave Superman, as the Harley Quinn cartoon has shown.
166	In Harley Quinn, Lex was voiced by Giancarlo Esposito.
167	The twist is, once Kite Man buys the bar and has a victory lap, Lex shows up with another bombshell: he secretly wanted Kite Man to own the place.
168	It looks like Harley Quinn fans will need to watch Kite Man: Hell Yeah!
169	Executive producer Dean Lorey has revealed that the events of Kite Man will set up Harley Quinn Season 5.
170	will help set up the next season of Harley Quinn.
171	"Without giving anything away, the end of Kite Man Season 1 has a pretty good hint at what Season 5 of Harley is going to involve,"" Lorey teased."
172	Although not the focus, Harley Quinn will be making guest appearances in Kite Man, with Kaley Cuoco reprising the voice role from Harley Quinn.
173	While it remains to be seen how Harley Quinn factors into Kite Man's story, Lorey's comments suggest that the animated spinoff might build on the Season 4 finale of Harley Quinn, which teased the formation of the Gotham City Sirens.
174	A new teaser trailer has been released for the Harley Quinn spinoff series, Kite Man: Hell Yeah!.
175	The promo sees Kaley Cuoco's Harley Quinn taking a verbal jab at Matt Oberg's Kite Man.
176	"In the teaser, Harley said, ""Hey, guys!"
177	So, when Max said to me, 'Hey, Harley, you're so amazing.
178	For his part, Kite Man is still happy with the introduction, but he still manages to get Harley back for the comment --- even if inadvertently.
179	The promo, shared on X by the official account for Harley Quinn, can be watched below.
180	Source: Harley Quinn on X
181	The Joker and Harley Quinn's relationship is pretty infamous and controversial.
182	Joker was abusive and a terrible boyfriend to Harley.
183	Joker's abuse led Harley to repress her emotions about him.
184	Harley Quinn deserved better, and Joker didn't deserve her at all.
185	However, she did a lot for his character development — including him coming as close as he's ever gotten to caring about another person.
186	Joker and Harley Quinn made for one of the most dysfunctional, popular, fascinating and controversial couples in comics history.
187	Updated by Benjamin Vieira on July 10, 2024: The Joker and Harley Quinn have one of the most multifaceted and layered relationships in the DC Universe.
188	It's hard to imagine the Joker and Harley Quinn, of all people, having children; however, that did, in fact, happen.
189	In this universe, Harley is trying to escape the shadow that the Joker cast over their lives after he was killed.
190	The entire story shows the imprint the Joker left and the trauma that continues to affect Harley even after his death.
191	Aside from The Joker, Harley Quinn’s most iconic pairing has been with Poison Ivy.
192	But, many times, Quinn found herself running back to the Joker.
193	This has happened in comic books, such as Batman: Harley Quinn.
194	In an episode of Harley Quinn, Ivy saved Quinn from being thrown into a vat of acid by the Joker.
195	With a relationship as turbulent as the Joker and Quinn's, Ivy has been a voice of reason in trying to save the latter from the abusive cycle that she has been trapped in.
196	She genuinely cared for Quinn, whereas the Joker did not, causing inevitable tensions between all three.
197	The Joker and Harley Quinn have been a legendary and infamous pairing in the DC Universe.
198	Until 2016, the Joker and Harley Quinn were never on the silver screen.
199	With the Joker being played by Jared Leto and Quinn by Margot Robbie, it was the first time that fans got to see the couple together.
200	They also showcased the turbulent relationship that they had historically had, with the Joker risking Quinn's life in order for him to escape from Batman.
201	When Paul Dini and Bruce Timm initially created the character of Harley Quinn, she was intended to be a henchperson for the Clown Prince of Crime.
202	Dini actually was not even hoping that she would be in the recurring position that she had on Batman: The Animated Series.
203	Quinn became a staple of not only comic books but of pop culture as a whole.
204	Even if someone did not grow up reading comics or watching the show, she is still an instantly recognizable figure in media.
205	Since her introduction, Harley Quinn has become just as recognizable as many of DC's other big names, including Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman.
206	The relationship between The Joker and Harley Quinn has always been one long, violent cycle of abuse.
207	The Joker does something terrible to Quinn, but she always ends up returning to him.
208	She knows that the Joker does not care for her in the same way that she does him.
209	This has also led Quinn to envy the one person who the Joker has always consistently had in his life — his arch nemesis, Batman himself.
210	In Harley Quinn, she admits to the Dark Knight that she knows Joker cares more about him than he ever did her.
211	She expresses to Batman that he is the one person who the Joker has never left for whatever reason.
212	Sadly, she also said that this has led her to believe that, at times, she thinks the Joker likes him more than her.
213	Harley Quinn isn't the Joker's only love interest in the comics.
214	Joker has been romantically involved with many partners, and Harley reminds him of one of them, specifically Jeannie.
215	In multiple comics, such as Batman: Harley Quinn (1999), Joker hints at confused old memories, but many theories are pointing at this.
216	The Killing Joke revealed that before he became the Joker, he had a wife, and his memories about her resurface when Harley is around.
217	Given this, it's safe to say Harley reminds the Joker of Jeannie.
218	Jeannie's backstory isn't widely used or confirmed in current or old canon stories, though The Killing Joke and Joker's comments about remembering how it feels like to be part of a couple again when he's with Harley suggest that.
219	Paul Dini and Bruce Timm, Harley Quinn's co-creators, had a very specific inspiration and even reason for Harley's character and story.
220	"The introduction of The Batman Adventures: Mad Love explains that Joker and Harley are a cautionary tale, a ""what not to do"" in real life, which was also inspired by the moving happenings of a friend of theirs."
221	Of course, Joker and Harley Quinn are fictional characters, so Paul Dini and Bruce Timm still enjoyed writing them as a couple.
222	Even now, 30 years after Harley debuted, everyone knows Joker and Harley are one of the most toxic couples to exist.
223	In one of Batman: The Animated Series Harley's earliest appearances, the Joker had escaped from Arkham Asylum while she remained locked up instead.
224	"In order to fix the hole in his life, Joker hires a fake Harley to replace the old one, someone who perhaps won't ""bother"" him as much: a henchman."
225	In time, Joker sighed and complained about how he missed the old Harley Quinn, who was actually better.
226	Eventually, Harley escapes Arkham Asylum and beats him up in a police van while the Joker gets caught by Batman.
227	Harley's reaction to this is somewhat surprising: she almost kills him, hoping to get him to go to his old self.
228	Joker's new state of mind disrupts their dynamic: Harley is Joker's psychiatrist.
229	She's attracted to his darkness.
230	She mostly stays to heal him from his complexes.
231	If someone had already helped Joker recover, then Harley had no role to play.
232	Paul Dini has talked about this, stating that Joker actually felt some affection for Harley Quinn but that he wouldn't ever be a decent boyfriend.
233	However, Harley's main goal in the DC Universe was to make the villain more fascinating by making him more open to relationships.
234	There is a misconception that Harleen Quinzel had no real interest in criminality until she met Joker, but that wasn't the case.
235	From the moment she met Joker, she was fascinated and considered writing a book about him.
236	Dr. Leland even warned her about it, stating that she wouldn't be able to handle it.
237	This doesn't mean Harley Quinn deserves what happens later, but it's important to remember she wasn't weak or naïve.
238	Instead, she was coming from an unhealthy place as well, making her a perfect target for a manipulator.
239	That said, it doesn't make Harley any less of a victim of the Joker's mistreatment.
240	She's still on the other end of many of the worst things the Joker has ever done.
241	Some fans have wondered who the Joker is more jealous of: Harley or the actual Batman.
242	While they were dating, one of the most frustrating things for Harley was Joker's obsession with Batman and his lifelong goal of playing and eventually killing him.
243	Back in the original, classic stories where Joker and Harley Quinn were together, Joker abused her the most when he didn't want Batman touched.
244	Meanwhile, Harley would try to get his attention and attempt to kill Batman out of desperation, wanting to eliminate all that competition for Joker's affection.
245	In Batman: Harley Quinn (1999), Joker deliberately admits that Harley has managed to make feelings and long-lost emotions resurface.
246	Perhaps because Joker thought Harley Quinn would've died with his plan, he confessed how she reminded him what it was like to be a couple and to care for someone and that their times together were distracting him from taking over Gotham.
247	Thus, the only way he could repair the conflict created by his feelings for Harley was by killing her.
248	In Batman: The Animated Series, once Harley actually left the Joker and didn't go back as usual, she started seeing Poison Ivy and committing crimes with her as the new Queens of Crime.
249	"He reacted poorly as soon as he read the newspapers talking about Harley and talked down her ""success."
250	This explains why Harley Quinn cared so much about going solo and occasionally trying to impress Joker despite having broken up.
251	This plays out similarly in Harley Quinn when she does all she can to affirm her criminal career and get into the Legion of Doom, mostly just to rub it in Joker's face.
252	One of the main reasons why Harley Quinn stays with Joker is that she feels compassion for him.
253	Despite all the bad things he has done, she sees him as a patient and sees herself as his psychiatrist.
254	Since Harley Quinn was used to a dysfunctional relationship and putting herself second to fix someone else, she stayed with Joker for a long time.
255	"For far too long, Harley maintained her ""therapist"" role, trying to decipher Joker, sacrificing herself to fix him, and trying to understand him."
256	Harley Quinn and her ragtag team of supervillains have jumped from Gotham to a magical kingdom in Suicide Squad Isekai.
257	Nashiko Momotsuki, a professional Japanese actress, model and cosplayer, transformed herself into Harley Quinn based on the Suicide Squad anime, currently streaming on Hulu and Max.
258	DC Comics and the actress herself are giving fans a taste of Momotsuki's jaw-dropping cosplay of Harley Quinn on social media platform X (formerly Twitter).
259	The first cosplay photo shows Momotsuki as Harley Quinn wearing the standard prison outfit of Gotham City.
260	It's a tight shot of Harley pressed against prison bars, yearning to be free.
261	The second photo, shared by Momotsuki, shows the more playful side of Harley as she smiles at the viewer while locked up in the slammer.
262	"It's essentially a reaction to the first episode of Suicide Squad Isekai, where Harley Quinn is arrested after an ""explosive"" night on the town with her boyfriend, the Joker, and eventually finds herself in a fantastical new world with other powerful inmates from Gotham City."
263	He's voicing a character in Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, the new spinoff of the hit animated series Harley Quinn.
264	She found herself impressed with Lady Gaga's performance as Harley Quinn, promising that fans will similarly be wowed.
265	She gave heavy hype to Gaga's work in the film, promising that she could keep up with Joaquin Phoenix --- who won an Academy Award for his role in the first Joker movie.
266	"It's a departure from Gaga's role in A Star Is Born, which is closer to who she is in real life, though the ""Poker Face"" singer nevertheless is said to have nailed playing the much more demented DC character."
267	“She’s so good in it, you guys,” Maisler explained.
268	“She’s going to blow your mind.
269	But I will tell you, she’s really surprising — and really good.
270	I mean, we all knew what she could do in A Star Is Born, but I thought, ‘Oh, well, that’s kind of in her wheelhouse.’ Something she could do and just be real.
271	But this… Man, she’s good.
272	Joaquin blows your mind, but that she could keep up with him, and be real — and not just wiped off the screen by what that role is and what the performance is — shows she’s good.”
273	"In the new movie, which picks up after the events of Joker, Arthur and Gaga's Harley ""Lee"" Quinzel meet in Arkham Asylum where they proceed to fall madly in love."
274	Harley Quinn showrunner Dean Lorey has shared a brand-new update regarding the current release window for the hit animated series’ highly-anticipated fifth season.
275	During a recent interview with The Direct, when asked about Harley Quinn Season 5’s premiere date, Lorey confirmed that Max will be releasing the next installment to its popular DC animated series before the year ends.
276	Further details about Season 5’s plot are still being kept under wraps, but the next season will probably see Harley and Ivy teaming up with Catwoman and Barbara after the Gotham City Sirens was teased at the end of the Season 4 finale episode.
277	Harley Quinn hails from Lorey, Justin Halpern, and Patrick Schumacker, who serve as creators and executive producers.
278	The voice cast includes Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Christopher Meloni as Commissioner Gordon, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, and more.
279	Season 4 featured Harley taking on the role of being a superhero with the Bat Family, while Ivy becomes the new CEO of the Legion of Doom.
280	"The talented Harley Quinn team has once again succeeded in delivering a season that builds on everything that has come before while still feeling fresh and inventive,"" Max executive Suzanna Makkos said in a previous statement about the show’s renewal."
281	They continue to provide hilarious, heartwarming, and deranged stories with our lovable group of DC misfits, and we couldn't be more excited for the fans to see what they've accomplished in Season 5.
282	Before Harley Quinn Season 5 premieres, Warner Bros.
283	Poison Ivy was a fairly shallow character when she debuted in Batman #181.
284	As Poison Ivy's control over plants grew, she developed a hatred for humanity while trying to preserve the natural world.
285	She married Harley Quinn and even sacrificed herself to save Gotham in the Batman: Arkham Knight video game.
286	Despite her cold demeanor and disdain for humankind, she cares for those closest to her, particularly her Gotham City Sirens, and has proven she is willing to die for others.
287	She wore a cape and mask, just like most criminals back then.
288	Harley Quinn feels like she's always existed in the Batman Universe.
289	However, she actually debuted in Batman: The Animated Series in 1992 and didn't appear in DC Comics until several years later.
290	Harley was originally the Joker's henchwoman and romantic partner, but she's had one of the best character progressions in DC Comics.
291	Harley Quinn defied the Joker, left her abusive relationship, and began a romance with her longtime friend Poison Ivy.
292	Harley Quinn is now so much more than just a Batman villain.
293	She is an unofficial member of the Bat Family who has even helped the Justice League in books like Heroes in Crisis.
294	Without a shadow of a doubt, the Joker and Harley Quinn are one of DC's most iconic couples.
295	This became most evident in the DCEU where Margot Robbie played Harley and Jared Leto portrayed Joker.
296	This is where Dr. Harleen Quinzel comes into play.
297	She was a psychologist at Arkham Asylum who fell in love with the Joker.
298	She went on the lam with him, turned a new leaf and became his demented jester.
299	Harley became very popular and in the years that passed, her allure grew.
300	She emancipated herself from her toxic boyfriend and worked with the Birds of Prey and Gotham City Sirens.
301	Harley realized the clown was selfish and that he gaslit and manipulated her to do awful things.
302	Since then, she's tried to redeem herself, with the Harley Quinn cartoon and Batman: White Knight series making her a hero.
303	In the Suicide Squad comics and movies, she also wants a second crack at life.
304	But Amanda Waller knew she would make a fine weapon, ergo why she fitted her with a neural bomb.
305	This was a means of making her pay for all the crimes with Joker; something Harley has come to regret due to all the repercussions.
306	Still, she'll trudge on, which will always leave the Joker annoyed at her feminist turn.
307	Suicide Squad Iseaki Episode 1 brings Harley into focus.
308	She's torturing and killing with the clown.
309	She's thoroughly enjoying pulling off heists and being his lackey.
310	However, audiences see that she isn't a minion or lapdog; she's an equal partner.
311	It is quite obvious when she steps into Noonan's Bar for a drink.
312	Instead, she's greeted by undercover agents from Task Force X.
313	He knows she'd want him to live and fight another day.
314	It dehumanizes Harley, when she just craves love and someone to reciprocate what she exudes.
315	Harley is taken away after Katana incapacitates her.
316	But she isn't angry when she wakes up.
317	"She knows her ""puddin"" tried his best to overcome these massive hurdles and a veritable army."
318	Sadly, six months later, she has to go to work for Waller.
319	She puts bombs in Harley, Deadshot, Peacemaker, Clayface and King Shark, making them her slaves.
320	As fate would have it, Harley and the crew end up crashing and getting involved in a civil war in Suicide Squad Isekai Episode 2.
321	It's easy to see him coming over as Harley's knight in shining armor.
322	Harley bonds with Princess Fione and tells her she was once liberated from something.
323	Fans have been left curious if this was from a time she and Joker had a rocky relationship.
324	He may even try to force Harley back home, deeming her his property.
325	Harley clearly wants to be a hero in this world, which can anger the clown, especially if he thinks it's a waste of time.
326	Harleen hated being part of a system that misunderstood mental health and how to treat patients.
327	She saw that as a twisted prison breeding drones in society.
328	Fans will also be able to spot several familiar characters, from the parent show's star players like Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy other major villains like Bane and Darkseid.
329	Meanwhile, a fifth season of Harley Quinn is also in development.
330	The world of Harley Quinn is about to expand.
331	Per ComicBook.com, the long-awaited Harley Quinn spinoff series will premiere on Max on July 18.
332	Matt Oberg will voice Kite Man, reprising the role from Harley Quinn, with the series following the B-list supervillain as he owns and runs Gotham City's seediest dive bar, Noonan’s, with his girlfriend, Golden Glider.
333	"We love the wild and fun world of Harley Quinn so much we just had to make a spin-off and who better to center it around than the outcast Kite Man,"" said Suzanna Makkos, Executive Vice President of Original Comedy and Adult Animation at Max and Adult Swim, when the project was first announced."
334	The first trailer for Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, released in September 2023, confirmed that Harley Quinn will be appearing in the spinoff, with Kaley Cuoco presumably returning to voice the fan-favorite character.
335	With Harley Quinn Season 5 still a ways away, Kite Man will seemingly be the next time DC fans see Cuoco's version of the Joker's former sidekick and love interest.
336	It also remains to be seen where Kite Man falls in the animated universe's timeline and if it will build on the Season 4 finale of Harley Quinn, which teased the formation of the Gotham City Sirens.
337	Besides Harley Quinn Season 5 and Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, there are two more Batman-related animated series set to premiere in the near future; however, neither will stream on Max.
338	Discovery opted to shelve them as part of larger cost-cutting methods.
339	Batman: Caped Crusader star Jamie Chung has teased a creepier Harley Quinn than audiences are used to seeing.
340	Chung discussed her character in Batman: Caped Crusader with Vanity Fair, teasing the show's different take on Harley Quinn and comparing the character to a dominatrix.
341	You have the psychiatrist that is really bubbly, and seems like she really cares about her clients, but she's kind of like a Robin Hood.
342	"She treats some of the elites in Gotham, but she takes it upon herself to bring justice in her own way,"" she explained."
343	You’re in all this pain, and yet she's telling you what to do, and 'You've been a bad boy…
344	Batman: Caped Crusader reimagines Harley Quinn's villainous origin story.
345	Chung’s Dr. Harleen Quinzel is still a psychiatrist, but one who chooses crime independently without The Joker's influence, a deviation from previous iterations.
346	The show's version of Harley depicts the character as a self-appointed vigilante, who captures and manipulates Gotham's wealthy and most prominent citizens.
347	Dr. Quinzel is menacing, quiet, and creepy while in character as her alter ego Harley Quinn.
348	Harley Quinn co-creator Bruce Timm previously discussed the changes made to the character in Batman: Caped Crusader.
349	The original Dr. Quinzel was more serious, and then when she became Harley, she got really goofy and weird.
350	In Batman: Caped Crusader, Harleen Quinzel will have a romantic relationship with the Gotham City detective Renee Montoya.
351	She hears all this stuff, but because of psychiatrist-client privilege, she can't do anything about it.
352	She can't tell anybody.
353	"Timm continued, ""We figured some of these guys have probably confessed some really horrible things to her, and she's just like, 'Well, I can't just turn this guy loose out on the streets, but I can't turn him into the cops either."
354	Comic book fans eagerly await the release of Deadpool & Wolverine, a team-up so many fans wished they could see on the big screen.
355	Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy developed a relationship in Gotham City, while Dick Grayson and Damian Wayne developed a partnership.
356	"Obviously, Superman and Batman are the ""World's Finest,"" but DC has also published plenty of amazing series focusing on prominent characters teaming up."
357	When Superman/Batman was first published in the early 2000s, the Man of Steel and the Dark Knight had already been the World's Finest for decades, but Jeph Loeb crafted story arc after story arc that hit home run after home run.
358	It was a well-written comic that established the friendship that Green Arrow and Green Lantern still share today.
359	Readers watched as Poison Ivy, Harley Quinn, and Catwoman developed an interesting partnership, each complementing the other.
360	"An episode of Batman: The Animated Series, titled ""Harley & Ivy,"" featured the first team-up of Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy."
361	Harley Quinn was an original character created for Batman: The Animated Series, so this team-up never occurred in comic books prior.
362	Poison Ivy was a much better partner for Harley Quinn than the Joker in every way.
363	The Batman: Harley and Ivy miniseries, also written by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm, writers and producers for Batman: The Animated Series, was the first of many Harley and Ivy miniseries to come and strengthened a friendship that would quickly blossom into one of the best romances in DC Comics.
364	The release date window for the highly-anticipated Harley Quinn Season 5 has been revealed, teasing the hit show’s impending return to Max.
365	After Harley Quinn’s Season 5 renewal was made official back in November, fans finally received an update regarding the target release date for the show’s next installment.
366	Animation is currently planning to release Harley Quinn Season 5 sometime this year.
367	Should this indeed be the case, the show’s Max return could potentially coincide with the theatrical release of Todd Phillips’ Joker: Folie à Deux on Oct. 4, 2024, which will debut a new version of Harley Quinn portrayed by Oscar winner Lady Gaga.
368	Harley Quinn was created and executive produced by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker, and Dean Lorey, with Lorey serving as the showrunner for Season 5.
369	The adult-animated series features the voices of Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Christopher Meloni as Commissioner Gordon, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, and more.
370	Earlier this year, Funches also shared some positive news about Harley Quinn Season 5, confirming that the next installment is still in production.
371	I don't think we're done going to Harley's just yet.
372	Since making her debut in 2016’s Suicide Squad, Margot Robbie’s live-action portrayal of Harley Quinn has been an instant favorite among fans, who believed that the Barbie actor was born for the role.
373	That’s why Lady Gaga is forging a path for her own version of Harley Quinn in Joker: Folie à Deux, despite the looming presence of Robbie’s beloved version of the villain-turned-anti-hero.
374	She's a really vulnerable, sweet person.
375	My version of Harley is mine, and it's very authentic to this movie and these characters.
376	The first four seasons of Harley Quinn are available for streaming on Max.
377	Could Deadpool stand shoulder to shoulder with DC heroes like Booster Gold, Harley Quinn, and even Batman?
378	Marvel had already published a miniseries in which Deadpool added himself to the events of Secret Wars.
379	Detective Chimp is the DC Comics equivalent of Sherlock Holmes.
380	Harley Quinn was originally Joker's sidekick, providing some comic relief in Batman: The Animated Series, but she was mostly the butt of Joker's jokes until she removed herself from under his heel.
381	Harley Quinn has developed an iconic relationship with Poison Ivy in recent years and even joined the Bat Family.
382	Harley can also be incredibly self-aware in some comics, almost as fourth-wall-breaking as Deadpool.
383	A Deadpool/Harley Quinn team-up just seems so natural.
384	Harley and Deadpool are silly characters with a lot of blood on their hands.
385	But knowing Harley Quinn and Deadpool, the path to acceptance and redemption would be bumpy.
386	"Harley Quinn fans are eager to see what Stefani ""Lady Gaga"" Germanotta will bring to the role in Joker: Folie à Deux, the highly anticipated sequel to the titular Oscar-winning film."
387	One new wrinkle Harley will feature in the film, according to the Grammy-winning musician, is a new name.
388	News on the red carpet during the premiere of her concert film, Chromatica Ball, Germanotta was asked about the differences her version of Harley will feature compared to others.
389	Germanotta confirmed that not only will she put a fresh spin on the character, but Harley will also have a new name, Lee.
390	"My version of Harley Quinn is 'Lee,'"" Gaga said."
391	Germanotta didn't clarify whether Lee is a nickname or her real name, with previous reports claiming she wanted to be referred to as Lee on set during shooting.
392	"You know, it was a really beautiful experience,"" she said."
393	"The ""Born This Way"" singer insisted she portrayed Harley her way, telling Access Hollywood during the premiere that her version of the popular villain is a ""vulnerable, sweet person"" and as ""authentic"" as it gets."
394	Once Germanotta was confirmed as Harley for Folie à Deux, inevitable comparisons were coming as the character has been voiced by Tara Strong and Kaley Cuoco in the past, while Margot Robbie notably portrayed Harley in the now-extinct DC Extended Universe, featuring in Suicide Squad, The Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
395	Despite Robbie and Lady Gaga's version of Harley being constantly compared, and with speculation of whether the latter will play Harley beyond Folie à Deux, Robbie revealed in January she hadn't spoken to Germanotta about her casting.
396	Described as a jukebox musical, Folie à Deux sees Phoenix's central character in Arkham Asylum, where he meets Harleen Quinzel and falls madly in love, leading to complete chaos.
397	The story takes inspiration from how Harley was introduced in Batman: The Animated Series, following up on the 2019 original which won Phoenix the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of the Joker.
398	A new incarnation of Harley Quinn is heading to the big screen this fall.
399	Joker: Folie à Deux, the follow-up to 2019's Joker, will introduce Lady Gaga as the Harley Quinn to Joaquin Phoenix's Joker.
400	In an interview with Access Hollywood, Gaga commented on her role as the new Harley in Joker: Folie à Deux.
401	"Referring to the character as ""Lee,"" coinciding with reports that she wanted to be referred to on the set by that name, Gaga described the incarnation as a ""vulnerable, sweet person"" who means a lot to her."
402	"While the ""Bad Romance"" singer didn't want to give too much away, she teased that her performance in the sequel is far unlike anything else that fans have ever seen from her."
403	It's there where he meets Harleen Quinzel, and a mad love is formed between the two, leading to utter chaos.
404	The story takes inspiration from the introduction of the Harley Quinn character in Batman: The Animated Series, where she made her first appearance as a sidekick of the Joker.
405	A variety of voiceover artists have brought Harley to life in various animated projects and video games, including Arleen Sorkin, Tara Strong, Melissa Rauch, Kaley Cuoco, and more.
406	Margot Robbie has more recently portrayed Harley Quinn in the DCEU, appearing in Suicide Squad, The Suicide Squad, and Birds of Prey.
407	This includes the depiction of Harley Quinn, which flips the script on how the supervillain is traditionally imagined in Batman stories.
408	First look photos for Batman: Caped Crusader have revealed both sides of Harley's personality, from the psychiatrist Dr. Harleen Quinzel to the more dastardly Harley Quinn.
409	Meanwhile, she's much more bubbly and animated while working as a psychiatrist.
410	What's more, is that she has no relationship whatsoever with the Joker this time around.
411	When she's Dr. Quinzel, she's a little bit more whimsical and fun, and then when she's Harley Quinn, she's scary.”
412	It was also revealed that Harley doesn't outright abandon her job as a psychiatrist to become a supervillain.
413	Rather, she continues working as a Gotham City psychiatrist, even assigned to treat Bruce Wayne.
414	"This gives Dr. Harleen Quinzel more insight into the mind of Bruce that most everyone else would never get to see, which Timm describes as making the character a ""really weird human being."
415	Harley Quinn is no stranger to switching sides on a whim -- and now she's rejoining the villains of Gotham in DC's new comics this week.
416	In Harley Quinn #39, Doctor Harleen Quinzel attempts to join forces with Mr.
417	The titular character wants to tag along with the criminals of Gotham City because she wants to study their minds.
418	As Harley later explained in more detail to Poison Ivy, she only wants to work with villains who need her psychiatric help.
419	"And, the only way she can do that is to seek them out because, in her words, ""Folks who need help the most...they ain't likely to come and ask for help."
420	As Joker: Folie à Deux returns for an encore and Harley Quinn slides back into the spotlight, it comes with expectations that fans want to see on the silver screen.
421	In Batman’s nearly 90-year history, few characters have made such an impact or stole the show more than the beloved Harley Quinn.
422	Having a divisive career in cinema and a bright future ahead, Harley Quinn has proven to be the queen of comebacks, usually able to somersault away and reinvent herself to grand applause.
423	First appearing in 1992 as part of Batman: The Animated Series, Harleen Quinzel (or Harley Quinn as she’s better known) entertained audiences as one of the Joker’s minions.
424	Becoming a fan favorite and displaying enough personality to stand out on her own, she’d be one of many characters who lept into the DC Comics canon, joining the likes of the Condiment King, Terry McGinnis, and Renee Montoya.
425	Having appeared in countless adaptations of the Batman mythos, there have been innumerable takes on the character, and always a place for Harley Quinn, whether by the Joker’s side or out doing her own thing.
426	With the wildly popular Harley Quinn: The Animated Series approaching its fifth season and acclaimed artist Lady Gaga set to play the character in the upcoming Joker: Folie à Deux, there’s no stopping Quinn as she takes Tinseltown by storm (and with an oversized mallet).
427	A sequel to 2019’s Joker, Joker: Folie à Deux continues to reimagine the origins of Batman’s greatest villains, this time bringing the eccentric Harley Quinn into the act and along for the ride.
428	While not necessarily a new idea, and one that certainly worked for the Clown Prince of Crime, there’s a lot that Harley Quinn’s origin story did right and what fans want to see translate to her reimagining.
429	There’s a reason why Harley continues to shine, going beyond her tongue-in-cheek sense of humor and in-your-face attitude.
430	Harley Quinn’s journey was a deep and relatable one; if there’s something Joker: Folie à Deux has to nail, it’s the emotional highs of “Mad Love.”
431	After getting her big break in Batman: The Animated Series, the comic The Batman Adventures: Mad Love revealed the backstory of Harley Quinn and the story behind her relationship with the Joker.
432	Unlike Joker: Folie à Deux, which reimagines Harley as an Arkham State Hospital patient, her comic counterpart was portrayed as the Joker’s therapist.
433	Manipulated during her sessions, Quinzel falls in love with the Joker, setting her on a path of chaos and harlequin romance.
434	The comic explored Harley’s unhealthy codependency and toxic relationship with the Joker, offering an emotional depth that brought the character to life in a new way.
435	This backstory simultaneously established her origins while charting her evolution from Harleen Quinzel to Harley Quinn, making it a classic that defined her as an indelible part of Batman mythology.
436	While getting an adaptation for Batman: The Animated Series and nods to it in projects like 2016’s Suicide Squad, big-screen adaptations often failed to adapt Harley Quinn’s best story properly or, at the very least, to capture what made it endearing.
437	One of the reasons Harley Quinn resonated with so many people is the relatable portrayal of how love's illusions, blind passion, and unrealistic expectations for a happily-ever-after have led others into vulnerable and horrifying situations.
438	With Joker’s surreal cinematography, it seems ideal for exploring those odd ideas of romance Harley has, how protagonist Arthur Fleck sees their romance, and perhaps neither one realizing just how toxic the relationship is until it’s time for the credits to roll.
439	As a story, The Batman Adventures: Mad Love is the perfect guide to introducing Joker’s version of Harley Quinn, appeasing fans, and setting up the sequel everybody wants to see.
440	With options for a third movie and plans for the DC Black films still viable in the DCU, a Harley Quinn-led spinoff has potential.
441	Moreover, it’s what fans of Harley Quinn want to see and a way to reinvent her now that DC comic movies seek a new beginning.
442	With varying quality and a confusing continuity, if there’s anything that the DCEU nailed, it’s Barbie star Margot Robbie’s portrayal of Harley Quinn.
443	Self-aware, over-the-top, and carving out her own path in life after the events of Suicide Squad, it stood out as the highlight of movies like Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn).
444	A more contemporary depiction of Harley, as seen in media like the well-received Harley Quinn: The Animated Series, provides Lady Gaga’s character with a clear direction to pursue after Joker: Folie à Deux and a way to adapt the character audiences love today.
445	The Joker series adopts a darker tone when compared to the campiness of Harley Quinn: The Animated Series and the DCEU.
446	For the next film, the series could explore Harley as she attempts to move beyond her tumultuous relationship with Fleck with a journey that involves self-discovery, love, and figuring out what she wants out of life.
447	Alternatively, staying true to Hollywood's classic genres, such as noir, gangster films, and romantic comedies, could introduce fan-favorite Poison Ivy as Harley's partner-in-crime and potential love interest.
448	Because while Harley’s misguided love for the Joker resonates with many broken hearts, it’s her life after leaving the Joker that offers audiences one of the most cathartic and empowering narratives in all of DC’s history.
449	"Joker: Folie à Deux could deliver something reminiscent of ""Mad Love,"" a portrayal more modern reflecting her time on the Suicide Squad, or just like Joker before it a new take on Harley Quinn."
450	However, it should offer a hopeful dose of optimism, not only to current fans of Harley Quinn but simultaneously to the new ones Joker: Folie à Deux hopes to attract.
451	Above all else, if there’s anything that fans of Harley Quinn want, it's a fresh start in Hollywood.
452	If there’s something to look forward to, it’s a new beginning, not just for Harley Quinn and the Joker, but for DC cinema as it enters a new era.
453	As a queen of second chances and reinventing herself, fans hope Harley Quinn will rise to the occasion and stand out as James Gunn’s new DCU takes flight.
454	One of the key players of Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League is the ever-popular Harley Quinn.
455	She has been a mainstay in the Arkhamverse, wreaking havoc in Gotham and showing Batman he'll always have more to worry about than just the Joker.
456	This game, though, finds Harley emancipated and looking to move away from the dead Clown Prince of Crime's legacy.
457	In the process, the game changes Harley for the best.
458	Harley Quinn's history is more or less the same as the comics, live-action movies, animated films, and cartoons.
459	The Arkhamverse video games had her quit duties as Dr. Harleen Quinzel — a psychiatrist at Arkham Asylum and Blackgate who was keen on treating the Joker.
460	She fell madly in love, adopted the Harley Quinn persona, and began causing chaos with her beloved.
461	This Harley didn't show remorse like other iterations.
462	She was keen on murdering Batman's sidekicks like Robin (Jason Todd) and even imprisoned allies like Poison Ivy, just to force Ivy to work for the clown.
463	"She was all about impressing her ""Puddin!"
464	Arkham Asylum ended with her being imprisoned after Joker tossed her aside, yet she still maintained an infinity for him.
465	When the Joker died from the Titan serum in Arkham City, Harley became more unhinged and deranged.
466	She wanted to carry on the clown's mantle and prove she could live up to his terrorist legacy.
467	Harley and Joker's schemes had already taken Talia from Bruce, so no matter what, he'd never trust her.
468	Harley's big push into the spotlight came in Arkham Knight, where she worked with Scarecrow and Penguin's alliance to try to poison Gotham once more.
469	She collaborated with some faux-Jokers as well, holding on to what little of her boss remained.
470	But after each transformed and was taken out in battle, Harley slowly realized they would never care for her.
471	Once the Jokers were defeated, Harley accepted the clown would always betray her.
472	She was nothing more than a pawn, meant to be objectified and used in the clown's games.
473	This is why, when Harley got thrown in jail once more, she felt at peace.
474	Of course, she hated the Dark Knight and his clan, but she despised the Joker more for running her life.
475	Harley now wanted to move away from using robots, toxic fumes, bombs, etc.
476	She simply aimed to regain her own identity, which the confines of prison would offer.
477	That is, until Amanda Waller showed up and let her know she could have a chance at freedom with Task Force X.
478	That's because Brainiac's army was attacking, so Harley was merely going to be another asset to another megalomaniac.
479	Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice changed things for Harley drastically.
480	Firstly, she had the nano-bomb planted in her head, forcing her to work for Waller.
481	Secondly, Harley became a mother of sorts.
482	Harley made it clear, however, that she would look after her, to the point that she roughed up Captain Boomerang for implanting the bomb in the child.
483	Harley didn't want her agency taken away from her.
484	Harley would watch over the kid at Waller's lair in the days that passed.
485	Part of it was due to the guilt Harley felt over betraying the original Ivy.
486	Kid Ivy warmed to Harley, as she had new memories and operated like a blank canvas.
487	Harley remained vigilant, knowing Waller could try to misappropriate the child.
488	Harley came off heroic in every sense of the word.
489	Notably, the Arkhamverse had previously toyed with the idea of Harley being pregnant, after a positive pregnancy test was spotted in one of Harley's lairs.
490	This approach with Ivy 2.0 allowed Harley to remain a soldier, while spiritually acting as a caretaker and the mother she wanted to be in her younger days.
491	Parenthood was secretly one of the few traits that the good side of Harley admired about the Caped Crusader.
492	Now, Harley has to redeem herself even more and atone for her irresponsible sins by transforming into a guardian with a sidekick.
493	Harley loved how he showed so much passion for eliminating the Brainiac army.
494	She constantly hit on him, making it clear she didn't mind being his sidekick.
495	It was a U-turn for a Harley who adored toxic men.
496	So far, the DLC Joker in Season 1 hasn't been to her liking, so Harley is evolving and moving past the past.
497	She sees Lex-2 as the future.
498	Lex-2 can help free Harley from the neural link to the bomb.
499	As the heroes go to various worlds to stop the other Brainiacs, there could be new Jokers introduced who might appeal to Harley, especially if Lex-2 is uncertain about reciprocating her feelings.
500	Either way, this positions the game to have unpredictable love triangles, a sentimental Harley, and an endearing Lex — things rarely seen in such gritty DC stories.
501	Given Harley murdered many Justice League members, including Batman, after they were infected and mind-controlled by Brainiac, she does need a more human story for fans to connect to.
502	Ultimately, this hints at a very nuanced chapter to come in Harley's life and adds some levity and warmth to a Multiversal-hopping story that already has so much death and destruction baked in.
503	DC has released an excerpt from Rachael Allen's upcoming Harley Quinn: Redemption young adult novel.
504	Per DC, Allen shared the excerpt with a message expressing her happiness about how fans have embraced her take on Harley Quinn.
505	"One of the best parts of writing the Harley Quinn trilogy has been the support from Harley fans, most specifically Harlivy fans,"" she wrote."
506	I've had readers send me the nicest fan mail, artists share the most gorgeous art, and more people than I can count tell me how much it means to them to see Harley as a bisexual scientist.
507	"I think about how you'll react when I make Harley pick up her mallet for the first time or what you'll feel when Ivy smells like evergreen-juniper-holly in the winter but peaches and fresh-cut grass in the summer,"" Allen added."
508	Allen revealed she had fun writing Harley Quinn: Redemption and touched on the book's villains.
509	Essentially, the YA novel is a love story, and Allen discussed how she approached the iconic romance between Harley and Ivy.
510	"I took my favorite love story tropes—a main character and a love interest who can't kiss for reasons and a character who will burn down the entire world to save the girl she loves (I'm looking at you, Ivy)—and I wove them into Harley and Ivy's relationship,"" the writer shared."
511	"Allen continued, ""But what I hear most from readers is a lot of you love Harley Quinn because you see pieces of yourself in her."
512	Ivy buzzes around me while trying to pretend she's not hovering.
513	She nods.
514	Realizing that I hadn't been pushed into those chemicals—I'd jumped so that the very last of the mind-control chips would be destroyed.
515	Her face is plain, and I think she may be addicted to a couple of vices, but I already have ideas for how to transform her.
516	He used to keep them on a shelf in his (no doubt dreadful) lair, but now he sends them to me because appar­ently I'm just that special.
517	How much the five of us accomplished in such a short amount of time.
518	It was months ago that she broke her back trying to follow a traf­ficking gang on a mission that I couldn't risk helping with.
519	"Our eyes meet and she says, ""You want to do our nails?"
520	She frowns.
521	She rolls her eyes.
522	She starts to move from the table to a flower bed, but I grab her hand and pull her closer to me before she can turn away.
523	"Maybe I do,"" she says in a teasing voice that makes me think all kinds of dangerous things."
524	If she asked me right now, I'd—
525	"We have to be careful,"" she says."
526	I've got a package for Miss Quinzel.
527	"Thank you, Mason,"" she says with only the tiniest quaver in her voice, and he nods and places the package on the table gently and obliviously because he doesn't know there's a time bomb of suck inside."
528	Harley Quinn: Redemption arrives on April 23, 2024.
529	Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn voice has been revealed in a new teaser for the upcoming Joker sequel.
530	Called Joker: Folie à Deux, the sequel will introduce Lady Gaga as a new incarnation of Harley Quinn, and while images have showcased a sneak peek of the character, her voice has not been heard up to this point.
531	Gaga's voice as Harley Quinn was revealed in a new post shared for the movie's official page on the social media platform TikTok.
532	Also included was audio that can be played featuring some music with Gaga's Harley Quinn speaking, revealing what she'll sound like in the film.
533	This will likely feature the first footage of Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn, and possibly more of her speaking as the character.
534	In any case, the trailer will be shedding more light on the film, which has largely been shrouded in secrecy.
535	Zazie Beetz will also return as Sophie, Arthur's neighbor in Joker, but it's not clear how she will be involved with the story.
536	Prolific DC Comics scribe Tini Howard currently helms two ongoing series for the publisher's most popular female protagonists, Harley Quinn and Catwoman.
537	The writer recently discussed taking Harleen and Selina out of their comfort zones in their respective books.
538	In an interview with DC.com, Howard brought readers up to speed on the current state of play in the Harley Quinn and Catwoman series.
539	Harley Quinn has just been banned from the Multiverse after a year of reality-threatening shenanigans.
540	"Having made peace with the Brothers Eye and defending both Gotham City and Warworld (Earth-48), she's back teaching classes in Gotham City and living with Ivy, who encourages her to embrace what she's passionate about -- costumed criminals,"" she said."
541	The Catwoman and Harley Quinn series has featured both protagonists well outside of Gotham City, with Howard explaining why she took the characters out of their comfort zones.
542	"Gotham City is beautiful, and we've had fun creating visually distinct locations within the Trixie, the Kitty Kat Room, Gotham Community College, for example, but I like us to all get to stretch,"" she intimated."
543	Same with a lot of Harley engaging with the Morrisonian multiverse theories.
544	Howard's Catwoman #63 and Harley Quinn #38 are now available in print and as digital comic books.
545	Harley Quinn voice actor Ron Funches recently provided an update on the DC adult animated series' forthcoming fifth season.
546	In an interview with Screen Rant, Funches hinted that official news regarding Harley Quinn Season 5 could be on the way.
547	Harley Quinn was renewed for a fifth season in November 2023, two months after the fourth season had concluded its run on Max.
548	Created by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker, and Dean Lorey, Harley Quinn premiered in November 2019 on the now-defunct streaming service, DC Universe.
549	Kaley Cuoco leads the voice cast for Harley Quinn as its title character, with Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, and Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, among others, rounding out the ensemble.
550	"While plot details for Season 5 remain under wraps, the Season 4 finale of Harley Quinn, ""Killer's Block,"" teased the formation of the Gotham City Sirens."
551	In the episode, Catwoman contacts Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, and Barbara Gordon about forming a new crimefighting team, which will allow them to do things their way.
552	Also, with Barbara now using a wheelchair after being paralyzed waist down by the Joker last season, it seems likely that she will adopt her comic book moniker Oracle next season.
553	Ahead of Harley Quinn Season 5, DC fans will be treated to the debut of the show's first spinoff series, Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, starring Matt Oberg as Kite Man.
554	"We love the wild and fun world of Harley Quinn so much we just had to make a spin-off and who better to center it around than the outcast Kite Man,"" said Suzanna Makkos, Executive Vice President of Original Comedy and Adult Animation at Max and Adult Swim, when the spinoff was first announced."
555	The first four seasons of Harley Quinn are streaming on Max.
556	Her character evolved as well, developing partnerships with Catwoman and even Batman, while building a romance with Harley Quinn.
557	20 issues into her new solo comic book, Poison Ivy has proven time and time again that she deserves a slot in DC's monthly solicitations as her popularity grows each year.
558	In modern comics, Poison Ivy has fought alongside the Birds of Prey, developed a romantic relationship with Harley Quinn and helped Batman save Gotham City in comics and video games like Batman: Arkham Knight.
559	Batman: Poison Ivy appropriately places the villain center stage as she comes dangerously close to finally killing the Dark Knight.
560	While she made villainous appearances in books like Detective Comics, she developed a relationship with Harley Quinn in her solo series and even appeared in the first two volumes of Birds of Prey.
561	Her first appearance in Batman #181 didn't delve into how she obtained her powers or the motivations behind using them.
562	She seems more like a poisonous plant than a person, infecting others with her touch and restraining them in vines under her control.
563	Two Poison Ivy's are better than one — especially when one of those Poison Ivy's uses her power to nearly destroy Gotham City while Harley Quinn convinces the other to stop her.
564	"Queen Ivy"" represented a villainous Poison Ivy who just wanted to see humanity fall, while Harley appealed to the primary Ivy's own humanity."
565	Harley and Ivy grew closer over this arc, and the artwork in the main Batman series by Jorge Jimenez resulted in some stunning panels of Ivy using her full power.
566	Did she simply want to destroy humanity?
567	What kind of life did she want outside of Gotham, beyond the walls of Arkham Asylum?
568	With guest appearances from Harley Quinn and Catwoman, Cycle of Life and Death also felt like a mini Gotham City Sirens reunion.
569	Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn had teamed up in Harley's solo series, Batman: Arkham City comics, and Gotham City Sirens, but DC finally placed the pair in titular roles of their own six-issue miniseries in 2019.
570	After the events of Heroes in Crisis, Harley's love for Poison Ivy grew even stronger.
571	In Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy, the pair opted to leave Gotham behind as Poison Ivy adjusted to her new, resurrected body.
572	This miniseries confirmed that Harley and Ivy make one of DC Comics' greatest couples.
573	In 2009, Poison Ivy, Harley Quinn and Catwoman starred in their own comic series, interacting with other famous Batman characters like Joker, Riddler, and the Dark Knight himself.
574	DC Comics finally granted their requests in 2022 delivering not a miniseries, not a co-starring role in a comic alongside Harley, not a one-shot, but a full, ongoing Poison Ivy series.
575	DC Pride 2024 #1 will also include a teaser of DC's upcoming Young Adult Original Graphic Novel, The Strange Case of Harleen and Harley from Melissa Mar and Jenn St-Onge.
576	The story will explore the twisted transformation from Harleen to Harley and will go on sale Sept. 3.
577	The publisher will continue the Pride celebration with Pride-themed variant covers featuring queer characters on its various titles released throughout Pride Month.
578	Today, we look at how Harley Quinn tried to get Joker out of a funk by trying to make him jealous by kissing...Batman!?
579	"As most comic book fans know by now, Harley Quinn was introduced in an early episode of Batman: The Animated Series as essentially a cameo role, just a henchwoman of the Joker's to be used for a gag or two, and instead, she was so well-received (and the late, great Arleen Sorkin played her so well) that the character kept coming back and became an important supporting character on the series, primarily as Joker's ""Gal Friday,"" but eventually as a character on her own."
580	For years, Harley Quinn was framed against her insane love for the Joker, but that abusive relationship has long been abandoned from the comic books, but while that was certainly a welcome development for Harley Quinn in terms of the development of her character (her romance with Poison Ivy, long hinted at in the cartoons, but only eventually allowed to blossom - pun somehow unintended - in more recent years, was also a significant factor in her development), the twisted original dynamic between Harley Quinn and the Joker still led to some interesting stories, with Mad Love being likely the most famous example (a twisted story that also served as Harley's origin tale).
581	"One of the interesting stories that used the messed-up Joker/Harley dynamic to good effect was ""My Boyfriend's Back,"" from 2003's Batman Adventures #3 (by Ty Templeton, Rick Burchett and Terry Beatty, along with colorist Lee Loughridge and letterer Phil Felix), where Harley has to suddenly deal with a Joker who is TOO into her!"
582	"The story opens with a Joker who has finally been given so much shock therapy, aversion therapy, drug therapy, group therapy, and drug therapy that he has finally ""snapped"" and become...a docile, lovesick fool for Harley!"
583	The problem is that now that Harley has broken him out of Arkham Asylum again, she isn't attracted to THIS version of the Joker!
584	She even hints at trying to kill him, but he doesn't react.
585	She knows that she can't bring herself to ACTUALLY try to kill him, but when she sees that there is a shadow assassin on the loose in Gotham City, she has a new idea!
586	It's important to note that in these stories, while the Joker is obviously an abusive monster, the cartoonish villain take on Harley sees her as being pretty much par for the course with the Joker.
587	Harley has the Joker capture the Shadow Assassin, and when the Joker brings the killer to Harley, he has him untie him, and then announces that the Shadow Assassin is now meant to kill the Joker!
588	Harley's theory is that someone trying to kill the Joker will break him out of his pacifistic attitude...
589	And if it doesn't, well, Harley will at least avenge her beloved by killing the assassin later on!
590	Well, Harley's plan does not work, and the Joker continues to be a docile fool, albeit a scared-for-his-life docile fool.
591	Batman takes out the Shadow Assassin, but Harley Quinn takes advantage of his fight with the assassin to then daze him with a shot from her weird Joker-bolt gun.
592	She then comes up with her last ditch effort to snap Joker out of it, and she KISSES BATMAN, and tells the Joker that she always liked Batman better!
593	"Batman is still in a daze, but this is Batman, even in a daze, he is able to break away from the Joker's attack, and flood the room with the pudding that the Joker was diving into earlier in the issue as a love tribute to Harley (His ""Harley pudding""), and the Joker and Harley are captured."
594	The Joker notes that is homicidal again, and Harley is thrilled to hear the good news...
595	Kite Man will lead Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, a spin-off of Harley Quinn starring the series' lovable loser who nearly married Poison Ivy.
596	Even Kite Man, who was and still is considered a joke, is nonetheless regarded as an engaging and enjoyable character equal to the stars of the Harley Quinn show he's being spun off from.
597	DC seems to have developed a winning strategy of pulling relative unknowns and turning them into household names, with no one representing this better than Harley Quinn herself.
598	The few successes, like Harley Quinn and Joaquin Phoenix's Joker, found their fan bases with their distinguished personalities.
599	Buoyed by the creators of The Batman and Harley Quinn, The Penguin and Kite Man: Hell Yeah!
600	DC Comics is preparing for spring break with fan-favorite characters such as Batman, Harley Quinn, Nightwing and more in its upcoming anthology, Spring Breakout.
601	As reported by Popverse, DC's Spring Breakout eighty-page anthology will be much in the seasonal specials traditions of the publisher, akin to last month's 'Twas the Mite Before Christmas and February's How to Lose a Guy Gardner in 10 Days.
602	The one-off anthology will mine the creative abilities of new and established creators, including Meghan Fitzmartin, Mike Barr, Paul Pelletier, and Kenya Danino.
603	Flowers are blooming, bees are buzzing, Harley is breaking King Shark out of Belle Reve prison…all is right in the DCU as both heroes and villains face all sorts of different spring breaks.
604	Breaking out of your shell?
605	While Margot Robbie's potential future as Harley Quinn remains uncertain, she is offering nothing but support for Lady Gaga playing a new incarnation of the character in Joker: Folie à Deux.
606	Speaking with Variety while on the red carpet at the Golden Globe Awards, Robbie was asked about what she thinks of Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn.
607	"For her part, Robbie expressed how sure she was that Gaga was going to ""crush it"" with her own take on the popular DC character."
608	The Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey star went on to confirm that she hasn't spoken with Gaga whatsoever about playing Harley in the Joker sequel, but at the same time, Robbie prefers it this way, as she'd rather be completely surprised by the result.
609	"Oh my god, she's going to crush it,"" Robbie said."
610	She's going to be amazing!
611	These remarks follow recent comments from Robbie casting doubt on her own potential return as Harley Quinn.
612	Famously, Robbie played Harley in several of the DCEU films, but while The Suicide Squad co-stars John Cena and Viola Davis are confirmed to be reprising their roles for the DCU, it's not yet clear if that will happen with Robbie and Harley.
613	It could be that Robbie will not return in the DCU, but even if that's the case, the Barbie star will still be excited, as she said how Harley Quinn is an ideal character to have played by many different actresses.
614	“I always wanted Harley to be a character that would get passed on to other actresses to play, the way there are so many iconic male characters,” Robbie told Variety.
615	Harley’s so fun and can go in so many different directions.
616	The good news for fans of Robbie's Harley is that the door is still open for a return to happen in the future.
617	"Gunn said on his Threads account that he admittedly hadn't spoken with Robbie about Harley ""for a long time,"" but he nevertheless would ""love to work with her again as Harley or as someone else."
618	That made it clear that Robbie will always have a place in the DCU, whether that's as Harley Quinn or another character.
619	After Margot Robbie addressed the possibility of appearing as Harley Quinn in the revamped DC Universe, fans believe she should make her return as the outlandish character in a team-up movie.
620	On X, several fans reacted to Robbie's comments suggesting her time as Harley at DC might be over, pitching the idea of a possible move involving her version of the character and Poison Ivy, Harley's romantic interest.
621	"One DC enthusiast implored Robbie to ""get your ass back on set"" and make the Harley/Poison Ivy film, while another pleaded with Robbie, ""Don't pack it up until the hot topic runs out of pink and blue hair dye,"" as they expressed their disappointment."
622	"Robbie strongly hinted to Variety in a recent interview that it's unlikely she will play Harley in James Gunn and Peter Safran's new DCU, telling the outlet, ""I always wanted Harley to be a character that would get passed on to other actresses to play, the way there are so many iconic male characters."
623	"Robbie also offered her support to Stefani ""Lady Gaga"" Germanotta playing an alternate version of Harley in Joker: Folie à Deux."
624	Fans became enamored with Robbie's portrayal of Harley throughout the now-concluded DC Extended Universe, playing the character in films such as Birds of Prey and The Suicide Squad.
625	Last May, it was reported Robbie would play Harley in the DCU at some point, though Robbie's latest comments suggest those plans might not be happening.
626	In December 2022, Robbie indicated she wanted to do a team-up film with Harley and Poison Ivy as she wanted to further explore their relationship on the big screen.
627	"At the time, she told ComicBook.com, ""I cannot tell you how hard I've been pushing for that."
628	James Gunn addresses the speculation surrounding the future casting of Harley Quinn in the upcoming rebooted DC Cinematic Universe (DCU).
629	Margot Robbie's recent comments on the prospect of returning to her iconic portrayal of Harley Quinn in the DCU reboot, led by James Gunn and Peter Safran, have ignited speculation and inquiries among fans.
630	Gunn clarified that he hadn't recently communicated with Margot Robbie and expressed his desire to collaborate with her again as Harley Quinn as he had in 2021's The Suicide Squad.
631	"I haven't talked to Margot about Harley for a long time,"" Gunn wrote."
632	But I'd love to work with her again as Harley or as someone else.
633	There are no plans at this time for anyone else to play Harley (I mean, other than in Todd's movie or the animated show/s).
634	Robbie's remarks included her openness to passing down the iconic role of Harley Quinn to different actors, similar to the varied portrayals of James Bond and Batman over the years.
635	This idea aligns with Lady Gaga's upcoming performance in Todd Phillips' Joker: Folie à Deux (which takes place in a standalone universe) where Gaga depicts Harleen Quinzel's transformation from an Arkham Asylum doctor to the deranged lover and lunatic of Joaquin Phoenix's Joker.
636	Many fans advocate for Robbie's continued portrayal of Harley Quinn to fulfill a live-action depiction of the Gotham City Sirens in the DCU, featuring Quinn's partners in crime Catwoman and Poison Ivy (a romantic interest of Quinn's).
637	Margot Robbie appears as Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad and The Suicide Squad currently streaming on various platforms.
638	One of them relates to Harley Quinn's future.
639	The Joker's partner in crime was first established in Batman: The Animated Series and made her way to the big screen in Warner Bros.'s first Suicide Squad attempt, played by then-rising star Margot Robbie from The Wolf of Wall Street fame.
640	In a recent interview, Robbie shared she is eager to see other actresses take on the role.
641	Matt Reeves' Batman universe could also bring a new version of Harley Quinn, who Robbie doesn't play.
642	A return for Robbie as Harley Quinn isn't out of the question, despite appearing in three DCEU films prior.
643	If Robbie returns as Harley Quinn, it will likely be as a new and canonized version within the DCU.
644	Robbie's Harley Quinn was one of them following her debut in David Ayer's Suicide Squad.
645	Robbie's Harley Quinn managed to break through into the zeitgeist, a feat few DCEU characters could accomplish.
646	Not many actresses have the look and energy to bring Harley Quinn to life.
647	While Harley Quinn's first live-action appearance was in a poorly received film, it was successful.
648	Harley Quinn also doesn't need to be front and center on a project and remain a supporting character in future DCU projects.
649	Robbie continued to own the role of Harley Quinn as she progressed through the DCEU, and there's still an appetite from fans and great potential for it to continue in the DCU.
650	However, the role of Harley Quinn is too iconic and close to Robbie.
651	Gunn is also a fan of the Harley Quinn animated series and will most likely have plans for the character down the road.
652	Since it seems he is keeping The Suicide Squad intact, retaining Robbie as Harley Quinn checks out.
653	Warner Bros. and DC Studios will certainly want to remain in the Margot Robbie business, and what easier way is there to keep that going than to have her continue in a role she already has a history with?
654	Robbie is on everyone's radar now more than ever, and seeing her return as Harley Quinn could generate excitement on the level of Andrew Garfield's reprisal of Spider-Man in No Way Home.
655	Based on what DC Studios has done so far, it would make perfect sense for Robbie to continue as Harley Quinn in the DCU, and her return could be exactly what the young universe needs.
656	The DCU will have the opportunity to explore Harley Quinn's relationship with Poison Ivy, have another stab at her time with The Joker, and interact with a new Batman after doing so briefly in Suicide Squad.
657	Ever since her live-action debut, Harley Quinn has quickly climbed the ranks as a marquee DC character.
658	DC Studios will likely bring Harley Quinn into the DCU, and the perfect actor has already been cast.
659	More and more actors are returning to old superhero roles, like Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool 3, and the same will probably occur with Robbie and Quinn in the DCU.
660	Margot Robbie might be finished with playing Harley Quinn.
661	In a new interview, per Variety, Robbie commented on the future of the Harley Quinn character in film.
662	She was asked if there would be any chance of her returning to the role, given how the DCEU has ended along with Lady Gaga playing an alternate version of Harley in the Joker sequel.
663	For her part, Robbie didn't outright state that she would never reprise the role, but she also suggested that having new actresses play the part as time goes on was what she always really wanted for Harley Quinn.
664	"I always wanted Harley to be a character that would get passed on to other actresses to play, the way there are so many iconic male characters,"" Robbie said."
665	Robbie has gotten the chance to play a live-action Harley in three feature films.
666	She made her debut in David Ayer's Suicide Squad in 2016, following it up with her own spinoff in 2020, Birds of Prey, from director Cathy Yan.
667	There will be some actors from the DCEU who will reprise their roles for the new DCU created by Gunn and Peter Safran, but it hasn't been revealed just yet what the plans will be for Harley Quinn in the new continuity.
668	Time will tell what becomes of Harley Quinn in the DCU, though it does seem that the character's arrival is inevitable, given her popularity.
669	Meanwhile, a new incarnation of Harley will be introduced on the big screen in 2024.
670	She also produced the upcoming comedy My Old Ass, which will be premiering at Sundance in January.
671	This time around, since this is a five-week month, we head back thirty years to December 1993, for the reveal of Harley Quinn's origin in The Batman Adventures: Mad Love.
672	The acclaimed comedic actor was the original voice for Harley Quinn.
673	"Harley Quinn debuted in the Batman: The Animated Series episode ""Joker's Favor,"" which was the eighth episode of the show's first season."
674	Sorkin was a friend of Paul Dini's from college, and he directly based Harley Quinn on her whimsical performance as Calliope.
675	"Harley Quinn appeared again in a number of first Season 1 episodes of ""Batman: The Animated Series"" and quickly became a fan-favorite."
676	"She made her comic book debut in the summer of 1993 in ""The Batman Adventures"" #12 (the DC comic book series set in the continuity of the animated series) by writer Kelley Puckett and artists Mike Parobeck and Rick Burchett."
677	The issue also featured Batgirl and Poison Ivy (who Harley Quinn first teamed up with in a January 1993 episode of the animated series).
678	Here's an interesting thing about Harley's origin that probably would never have flown had they considered making her more of an anti-hero.
679	She is a psychology student, but she apparently has sex with her teachers for her grades.
680	Harley came to Arkham Asylum with the intent of cashing in on the Joker by writing a book about him.
681	The Joker then cleverly invented some dark stories to lure Harley Quinn to his control, seducing her completely...
682	In the end, Harley decides to become Harley Quinn, and break the Joker out of his cell, and she becomes his sidekick/love interest....
683	In the story, Harley decides that the only way to make Joker really pay attention to her is to kill Batman for him.
684	She seems poised to pull it off, too, when Batman plays upon her fragile psyche (and what he knows of the Joker's ego)...
685	And then we get to the real twist of the story, the Joker is AGHAST at the thought of Harley Quinn killing Batman...
686	When he arrives, Harley explains that since she used his plans, he is part of it, too, but the Joker is outraged, as if you have to explain a joke, it is no longer funny.
687	So he assaults Harley, knocks her out of a window, almost killing her.
688	He then notes that Harley came closer to killing him than the Joker has ever done in the past, which outrages the Joker...
689	In the end, though, Harley forgives the Joker, which is just so sad and twisted.
690	With all the multiverse shenanigans going on in comic book movies these days, it would be cool to see this team come back with a twist.
691	Ray Fisher really deserved to play Cyborg more.
692	Margot Robbie's turn as the indomitable Harley Quinn has been pretty universally praised.
693	She's appeared in both Suicide Squad movies, and Birds of Prey.
694	She's fun, spunky, and a total wildcard most of the time.
695	Harley Quinn would be a perfect partner for one of the more colorful symbiotes.
696	She could work well with someone like Carnage, or Scream.
697	Harley has always had vague powers.
698	She might be slightly enhanced, she might just be superb at gymnastics.
699	After twenty years as a supervillain, the New 52 set Harley Quinn on the side of the angels, which has since become the character's default setting.
700	Harley Quinn's shift to do-gooder status has allowed the character to exit the shadow of the Joker and chart her own narrative course.
701	This is precisely what she was doing when Sinestro sent her a power ring to aid him.
702	Quinn's journey is that of a character growing past her fear.
703	Fear was a key element of her relationship with the Joker; when she left the supervillain, Quinn blossomed.
704	She voyaged to Man's World carrying messages of peace and hope.
705	However, Wonder Woman causes great fear among the villains she fights, which is what allowed her to control the ring.
706	Before she was a Green Lantern Jessica Cruz first bore the Ring of Volthoom, which preyed on a user's fear.
707	Still, Cruz's potential is greater as a Green Lantern where she can move past her trauma.
708	Those who are new to the Worlds of DC may not know that, unlike most other superheroes and villains, Harley Quinn is a relatively new character.
709	She made her debut in Batman: The Animated Series in 1992, and her breakout role made her a mainstay in DC media, including DC Comics.
710	After Harley Quinn’s successful big-screen appearance in 2016's Suicide Squad, the character has become one of the most popular figures in the DC Extended Universe.
711	There are many Harley Quinn quotes from her various iterations that highlight why she's become a favorite among DC fans.
712	Updated on November 19, 2023 by Jordan Iacobucci: Harley Quinn is officially returning for a fifth season, giving the beloved character yet another chance to shine in her acclaimed animated series.
713	Now, with Lady Gaga also set to portray the Joker's zany henchwoman in Joker: Folie à Deux, Harley Quinn's popularity remains at an all-time high.
714	Read CBR'S Review Of DC'S Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn #1
715	Harley Quinn developed apathy toward death after spending so much time working with The Joker.
716	Harley quipped that the device Flag used was one “killer app.” Normally the sight of seeing someone lose their head would be traumatic, but Harley Quinn had seen that a few times before in her line of work.
717	Harley’s loyalty to The Joker generally knew no bounds, and someone threatening her beloved often led to her unleashed wrath.
718	Harley Quinn was quick to stand up for her man, even if it meant that she might get into a fight.
719	When Harley came across Lex Luthor’s assistant Mercy, the two women started battling each other while Joker and Lex casually conversed.
720	However, Harley was quick to respond to The Joker in a cheery tone, despite being in the middle of a vicious fight.
721	Read CBR'S Review Of Harley Quinn Season 4
722	Harley Quinn isn't considered the expert when it comes to manners.
723	This is especially true when she's standing up for her man.
724	However, she was swiftly quieted by Harley, who called Lois Lane out for being rude.
725	At the time, The Joker had been talking about killing a man, so Harley's admonishment of Lois seemed a bit twisted.
726	One of Harley Quinn's greatest traits is her ability to maintain a positive attitude even during the possible end of the world.
727	Rather than engage her, Harley and the rest of Task Force X stopped and had a drink instead.
728	While the others looked solemn at the likelihood of their collective demises, Harley Quinn casually went about making drinks for everyone.
729	She accepted their potential death and failed mission by toasting with her newfound family at the end of the world.
730	The others then followed her back into battle when she joined Flag, which revealed the loyalty other villains felt toward her.
731	One of the worst things that The Joker and Harley Quinn ever did to the Bat-Family occurred in Batman Beyond: Return of The Joker.
732	Harley Quinn enjoyed the new family dynamic, and she took to referring to herself as Drake's mother.
733	When confronted by Batgirl, Harley Quinn kept a jovial attitude.
734	During the battle she had the Jokerized Robin fetch her a Bazooka so she could blow Batgirl apart.
735	Harley Quinn wasn't winning any parenting awards by asking Drake to fetch her a dangerous weapon.
736	However, the hilariously dark moment felt perfectly in line with Harley's character.
737	Read CBR'S Review Of DC Comics' Harley Quinn #28
738	The thing about Harley Quinn’s threats is that they can take a sudden and dark turn that surprises her enemies.
739	Harley often starts her taunts with her usual cheerfulness before her true intention comes out with a beautiful turn of phrase.
740	When someone made fun of her during a robbery, Harley Quinn answered with the classic “I’m rubber, you’re glue” routine.
741	It quickly turned dark when she introduced the very real possibility of a violent reaction that could include shooting a hole through her would-be victim.
742	Harley and Joker’s origin in Suicide Squad featured a joyride through the streets of Gotham City.
743	This ride ultimately ended with Batman apprehending Harley Quinn.
744	However, Harley responded by shooting through the roof of the car in an attempt to hit Batman above her.
745	Harley Quinn wasn’t concerned about Batman taking her down.
746	"Instead, she was angry about the Bat ""ruining date night."
747	While most wouldn't consider wreaking havoc on the streets as a romantic evening, Harley Quinn proved she wasn't like most people, leading to her recruitment for Amanda Waller's team of DC Comics antiheroes.
748	Harley Quinn played a huge role in the Arkham video game series, and during the game's story, Harley and The Joker imprisoned Poison Ivy.
749	Despite locking up her friend, Harley Quinn still wanted to make Poison Ivy comfortable.
750	However, she assumed that a lack of cleanliness had been the issue distressing Ivy.
751	Harley sweetly offered to sneak in some shampoo because she didn’t realize Ivy was reacting to being incarcerated and separated from her plants.
752	Read CBR'S Review Of DC'S Harley Quinn Romances
753	In an episode of The New Batman Adventures, Harley Quinn attempted to please The Joker by capturing Batman.
754	Rather than being appreciative, The Joker abused her, and Harley fell out of a window.
755	At the hospital, Harley vowed to never fall under The Joker’s influence again.
756	"However, Harley quickly changed her mind after receiving a ""Get Well"" note from the Clown Prince of Crime."
757	She branded The Joker an angel, even though he'd literally just put her in the hospital.
758	This quote highlighted just how obsessed Harley was with The Joker, and it revealed Joker's complete and toxic influence over Harley during her original appearances.
759	Harley Quinn's relationship with Batman has occasionally been flirtatious on her part.
760	Fans have seen her make a move on Batman before, like when she kissed him during Suicide Squad.
761	Harley Quinn displayed a new level of attraction toward him in Batman: Arkham Asylum, where she had no fear of the angry Batman moving toward her.
762	On the contrary, Harley took this moment to tell Batman she felt the two had developed a connection over the years.
763	She seemed to enjoy being trapped in close confines with an angry Batman, although it again proved to be a distraction.
764	Harley Quinn’s hair has usually been blonde through the character's various iterations.
765	She sometimes dyes her hair to match her updated red and blue costume colors, but she mostly keeps her hair blonde.
766	However, Harley revealed in an episode of Batman: The Animated Series that her hair had always been dyed.
767	When in Batman’s captivity, Harley tried to make light of the situation and claimed Batman underestimated her.
768	She then defended herself by claiming she wasn’t even a real blonde.
769	Batman rarely involved himself in these discussions, so it was nice to see Harley Quinn play out the reveal for herself.
770	Read CBR'S Review Of DC'S Harley Quinn 30th Anniversary Special
771	The fact they want to make their victims suffer separates The Joker and Harley Quinn from almost every other villain.
772	Harley Quinn was holding a TV crew captive in order to screen her new show in an episode of Batman: The Animated Series.
773	Naturally, no one was particularly impressed with Harley's show.
774	An enraged Harley presented her second idea for a show, which was to sic her hyenas on the TV crew.
775	Harley thought this would make a perfect comedy, despite the death and gore that would surely follow.
776	However, Harley Quinn and The Joker specialized in taking out their victims in what they assumed to be a “funny” manner.
777	Harley Quinn quipped this memorable line that ultimately revealed she had the same mindset as the Joker.
778	Harley Quinn was just as dark as The Joker during her earliest appearances, but she showed incredible growth as one of the main characters in the animated Batman series.
779	Of course, this information didn't bother Harley Quinn, and she looked to bond with Katana instead.
780	Harley Quinn offered her hand to introduce herself and claimed it was nice to meet the person who could trap her soul for eternity.
781	"Harley's comment about Katana's ""perfume"" was a small jab that ultimately connected them in the end."
782	It also proved Harley wasn't easily intimidated.
783	The Batman: Arkham City game saw Harley Quinn attempting to evade Batman rather than face him head-on.
784	Batman found discarded pregnancy tests that seemed to imply Harley Quinn was pregnant.
785	After Joker’s death in Arkham City, Harley sang a lullaby during the end credits.
786	Harley then promised she would paint the streets with blood in honor of The Joker.
787	It turned out Harley Quinn wasn’t actually pregnant, but she played along with the idea to better enact her revenge against Batman.
788	The animated series Harley Quinn has just secured a fifth season at Max.
789	Discovery announced with a press release that Harley Quinn had been officially renewed for Season 5.
790	“The talented Harley Quinn team has once again succeeded in delivering a season that builds on everything that has come before while still feeling fresh and inventive.
791	"They continue to provide hilarious, heartwarming, and deranged stories with our lovable group of DC misfits, and we couldn’t be more excited for the fans to see what they’ve accomplished in season 5,"" Makkos said."
792	"Animation, added: ""Harley Quinn has raised the comedic crowbar with every new season."
793	Harley Quinn was developed by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker, and Dean Lorey; Lorey also serves as showrunner and executive produces alongside Halpern, Schumacker, Sam Register, Katie Rich, and series star Kaley Cuoco, who voices the titular character.
794	"In a statement of their own, Halpern, Shumacker, and Lorey said of the show, ""We’re thrilled that the news of Harley and Ivy’s continuing misadventures is finally out and we can stop telling people in secret."
795	Harley Quinn Season 4'S Biggest Mysteries Left Unsolved
796	"The acclaimed voice cast of the series includes Cuoco as Harley Quinn alongside Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, with their relationship, dubbed ""Harlivy"" by fans, serving as a focal point of the show."
797	DC's Harley Quinn has become quite a fan favorite over the years since her debut in Batman: The Animated Series, so much so that she's even received an animated series of her own, and its popularity certainly speaks for itself.
798	Harley Quinn's fourth season has recently wrapped up on Max, and a fifth season is already in development.
799	While the titular character's comically outrageous shenanigans continue to crack ups its audience, it still has yet to top what made it feel so fresh in Season 1.
800	For the most part, the character of Harley Quinn has been recognized as the Joker's girlfriend and literal partner in crime.
801	In recent years, in both comics and in media, however, she's also gone on to form her own individual identity.
802	Free from her reliance on Joker, she's been able to reach a cathartic sense of independence that's helped further her reputation as one of the best DC villains.
803	Season 1 explored Harley's journey towards this independence after she breaks up with Joker.
804	In show, she decides to form a league of her own in order to rise up the ranks of villainy with an ambition to become an official member of the Legion of Doom.
805	From Harley and Ivy crashing the Penguin's nephew's Bar Mitzvah to the team entering the subconscious of Harley's mind via Dr. Psycho's powers, the plots of each episode tackled some pretty outlandish concepts; and they all lent themselves to plenty of undeniably genius comedy and even social satire.
806	It became more focused on the romance between Harley and Ivy (after Kite-Man and Ivy's breakup) and episodes began to separate their teammates from them, only relegating the latter characters to secondary subplots, most of which had no real connection or impact on the main plot.
807	In fact, Season 4 even wound up separating Harley and Ivy for most of it; having Harley take a shot at heroism by joining the Bat Family and Ivy exploring the corporate aspects of big time villainy.
808	Representation of LGBTQ relationships in media is always progressive and admirable, but Harley and Ivy's newfound romance ultimately undermined Harley's journey of self-discovery.
809	Separating her from her original team, and eventually even Ivy while making her part of the Bat Family also undermined how she finally managed to find a supportive family within Ivy, Clayface, etc., and the challenges she endured to maintain their trust and loyalty.
810	With Season 5 currently in development, the fans will have to wait and see what will become of Harley next.
811	Joker: Folie à Deux's Lady Gaga gets into her Harley Quinn role while performing with the Rolling Stones.
812	"Gaga performed in the Harley Quinn-inspired outfit while performing her new single ""Sweet Sounds of Heaven"" on stage alongside the iconic group as well as special guest Stevie Wonder."
813	The pop star was cast as Harley Quinn last year, playing the role in a separate DC Universe from Margot Robbie's version as seen in 2016's Suicide Squad, 2020's Birds of Prey and 2021's The Suicide Squad.
814	I said from the very beginning all I want is for Harley Quinn to be one of those characters the way Macbeth or Batman always gets passed, you know, from great actor to great actor.
815	"Details about Joker: Folie à Deux's premise according to an official synopsis confirm that the movie ""follows Harley Quinn, the Arkham Asylum shrink who falls in love with her patient Arthur Fleck, aka Joker."
816	"Gaga's method approach to the role was praised by the sequel's cinematographer Lawrence Sher who said the A Star Is Born actor is ""going to be a really cool fit for this movie and will create a similar kind of magic that Joaquin brought by himself."
817	Decades later, DC took one of their most popular characters at the time, Harley Quinn, and published a similar miniseries that explored Harley's world and relationships in an anthology.
818	However, these Harley book were published in black and white... and red.
819	Emphasizing Harley's red costume, Poison Ivy's red hair and any other red object, the comic visually popped.
820	Marvel Comics followed suit, publishing Star Wars: Darth Vader - Black, White & Red, another anthology series published in black and white with red highlights.
821	Red was the perfect color choice for characters like Harley and Vader, but DC and Marvel shouldn't limit themselves.
822	The success of the original comics generated two things: a line of black, white and gray statues and a series of iconic Batman comics republished in a strictly black and white format, devoid of color.
823	Additionally, DC created Batman: Noir, a series of hardcovers that collected republished, iconic Batman comics like Hush, The Long Halloween, The Court of Owls and The Killing Joke.
824	The original Batman Black and White volumes also inspired another series: Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red.
825	Harley Quinn's popularity has skyrocketed thanks to her solo comics, her animated series on HBO Max, and her starring role in movies like The Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
826	DC capitalized on Harley's success by publishing a series of short stories in an anthology comic called Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red.
827	Taking inspiration from Batman Black and White, Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red featured mini-comics that took place in Harley's most famous storylines including White Knight, Batman: The Animated Series and Harleen.
828	These stories expanded Harley's lore, deepening her relationships with Joker, Poison Ivy and the Dark Knight himself.
829	The successful series propelled DC to release a sequel series, appropriately titled Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder.
830	Instead of a purely black and white book, however, Harley's anthology featured striking displays of red anywhere the color appeared (Ivy's hair, Harley's costume, blood, etc).
831	The Vader book showcased various points of interest in Anakin Skywalker's life without necessarily adhering to the Star Wars timeline, or conforming to stories established in the other ongoing Star Wars comics.
832	Darth Vader - Black, White & Red only ran for four issues, but it easily became one of the most beautiful book s Marvel has published in the 21st century.
833	"If characters like Harley Quinn and Darth Vader could carry titles in this format so well, what other Marvel and DC heroes and villains should headline their own ""Black, White & (insert color)"" books?"
834	Harley Quinn's black, white and red costume was perfect for this format.
835	Marvel published a series of successful comics by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale that were creatively titled Spider-Man: Blue, Hulk: Gray, and Daredevil: Yellow.
836	Anthologies of characters paired with specific colors emblematic of their most iconic costumes or weapons would sell incredibly well if Harley and Vader's comics are evidence.
837	Harley and Vader's Black, Red and White comics provided more insight into their characters, their relationships and worlds without constraining to the limitations of canon.
838	While the majority of Green Lantern members are heroes like Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, the power rings have chosen several villains like Sinestro and Harley Quinn.
839	Surprisingly, Harley Quinn actually wielded a Green Lantern power ring during her Little Black Book miniseries where she teamed up with DC heroes like Power Girl and Hal Jordan.
840	Harley uses Hal's power ring while he's unconscious to defeat invading aliens seeking an even more powerful ring.
841	Harley was surprisingly composed and skillful with the ring, creating energy constructs like a giant green mallet.
842	"While Harley acted as a villain in Gotham City alongside the Joker, she became an anti-hero with Poison Ivy and the Gotham City Sirens, even teaming up with Batman and the Bat Family during ""The Joker War."
843	She has the ability to overcome great fear and would make an excellent back-up Lantern.
844	Her tenure as the villainous Star Sapphire strained her on-again/off-again relationship with Hal Jordan, but once she controlled the Sapphire, and gained a new violet power ring of love, Carol became one of Hal's greatest allies during events like Blackest Night and Brightest Day.
845	DSTLRY, the recently founded creator-owned comic book publisher, announced its new comic Blasfamous, a horror-comedy series from the acclaimed writer and artist Mirka Andolfo.
846	This upcoming release, slated to arrive in December, emerges as an independent offshoot from the 5-page story “A Blessed Day”, published in DSTLRY's inaugural comic book, The Devil's Cut.
847	As she struggles with the threat to her stardom, she gets help from her demonic agent, Lev.
848	Known for her various contributions to DC Comics series, including a two-issue Harley Quinn storyline in 2018 by writer Christopher Sebela, Andolfo's 2021 comic series, Sweet Paprika, garnered significant attention, winning her the Harvey Award for Best International Book of the Year.
849	Featuring the iconic duo, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy, the chaotic collection arrives just in time for Halloween This Gotham-inspired makeup line has a total of 15 products ranging from fierce eye shadows, striking lip shades and numerous accessories, each paying tribute to the aesthetic and rebellious sides of Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn.
850	The Rebel Heart palette, inspired by Harley Quinn, offers vibrant shades including the character's signature electric pink Pigtails and the opulent Lil Monster.
851	The Dangerous Red Harley Quinn Lip Kit combines a super-pigmented black pencil with a shimmering red lipstick, while the Lucky Kiss Poison Ivy Lip Kit presents a creamy red lip liner pencil paired with a dark and alluring glittery green gloss.
852	An additional Gotham City Comic Eyeshadow Palette features 20 shades, allowing fans to embody either Harley or Poison Ivy, with each side of the palette dedicated to one of these iconic characters, as well as two distinct mirrors.
853	Similarly, the “Dynamic Duo” Dual-Ended Eyeliners set pairs Poison Ivy’s green and Harley Quinn’s pink and blue shades.
854	Furthermore, Harley's Chrome Eyeshadow “Pretty Villain”, Poison Ivy's Chrome Eyeshadow “A New Leaf”, and the dual-ended Brow & Lash Mascara allow fans to get creative.
855	To round out the collection, Revolution Beauty includes numerous complementary items, like the Harley Quinn Face Stickers and Poison Ivy Face Gems, which provide easy-to-apply finishing touches for a seamless transformation.
856	The collection also offers accessories such as the DC x Makeup Revolution “Gotham City” Cosmetic Bag, a Harley Quinn “Diamond” Blending Sponge, Face Stickers, Poison Ivy Face Gems and a Brush Set.
857	As Season 4 of Harley Quinn ends, it's a bittersweet one.
858	Harley has lost her killer's edge, confirming to herself and her peers that she can indeed be a superhero.
859	Thankfully, Poison Ivy and Barbara Gordon are backing her, adamant Harley's meant to shine away from toxic elements such as The Joker and the Legion of Doom.
860	In Harley Quinn's Season 4 ending, Catwoman showed up to partner with Barbara (as Oracle), Harley and Ivy.
861	She likes their energy and how they raged against the machine.
862	Harley will have to rein them in to ensure they don't lose credibility.
863	She wants them to keep being inspirations, but Ivy and Catwoman have shown egos in the past -- something that tested Harlivy's romance.
864	To top it off, Harley has to ensure Oracle doesn't get corrupted.
865	Barbara is impressionable and wants to cut loose as she feels the Bat-Family stymied her evolution.
866	Thus, Harley will need to create a circle of progress and not one where they're hypocrites.
867	Another problem lies with Harley's old teammates.
868	When Harley Quinn introduced Steppenwolf, many assumed he'd partner with Ivy.
869	It could even lead to the Justice League asking Harley to join, given how she saved the Man of Steel on the moon.
870	That said, given Apokolips' firepower, Harley will end up learning about actions and consequences and how toying with Lex rather than arresting him wasn't the smartest move.
871	Sadly, it turns out a sleepwalking Harley murdered Dick Grayson.
872	She's been trying to keep it secret, but once the cat's out of the bag, there'll be chaos.
873	Bruce leaves the prison for the wealthy elite to fix Gotham, as he doesn't approve of Harley's methods.
874	If he finds out Harley killed Nightwing, he'll be ticked off.
875	Barbara will as well because Harley blamed it on a Harley clone.
876	Harley will have to tread lightly and eventually let the truth come out if she's to keep showing people she's worth their faith.
877	Initially, Ivy enjoyed how Talia al Ghul shut the Bat-Family down, but she quickly realized Talia wasn't about feminist empowerment, after all.
878	Talia got angry the laser blew her businesses up, so she resurrected Nightwing using the Lazarus Pit in Harley Quinn Season 4.
879	Bruce won't like his sons being used like this, even if he disapproves of Harley.
880	It paves the way for many of Harley Quinn's unanswered questions to get air-time, such as why Bruce left Talia his estate.
881	He missed the death and destruction, but Harley ended up capturing him.
882	Rather than kill Joker, she dropped him off for a retired Jim Gordon to torture.
883	They could go after folks who harmed Joker, sowing out injustice and discord while leaving Harley wondering how to take out people whose shoes she walked in.
884	It'd be a tragic test of morals and ethics, pushing Harley to save them.
885	Or, if they kill, Harley's team may be faced with a dilemma involving whether they have to murder them to save Gotham's soul and stop Joker's infection from spreading.
886	All four seasons of Harley Quinn are available on Max.
887	Throughout the duration of Harley Quinn, Kaley Cuoco's titular character has struggled with her killer instinct.
888	She developed a bloody edge after becoming Joker's sidekick, much like the cartoons and comics.
889	But in time, Harley would seek a path of redemption away from his sinister ways.
890	Eventually, Season 4 of Harley Quinn has her working with the Bat-Family, but she's at odds with Poison Ivy.
891	She's torn between her lover being a criminal mastermind and her own promise to Bruce Wayne.
892	But while it did seem like Harley would regress and return to her old ways, the finale confirms she is indeed a changed person.
893	The Harley Quinn Season 4 finale finds Ivy and Harley at Lex Luthor's moon base.
894	Harley, though, tempers the assault, making it clear they shouldn't hurt innocents along the way.
895	Ivy abides, understanding that the light -- and not the dark -- is a better space for Harley to be in.
896	This Harley inspires Ivy, as she's coming off filled with compassion and empathy.
897	To top it off, Harley gets Barbara to shift from Batgirl into Oracle mode, helping to hack in and evacuate these places.
898	With the Bat-Family disbanded officially, Harley is definitely making strides to fill that gap with her squad.
899	Now, a major part of Harley's rage is due to Joker's destructive ways.
900	"He did shoot and injure Batgirl, however, in a remix of The Killing Joke, leading to fans believing Harley would end him for hurting her ""sister."
901	Luckily, Harley follows the path of the Dark Knight, just dropping a beaten and bruised clown off for the cops.
902	But like Christian Bale's Batman with Ra's al Ghul, Harley's of the opinion -- she won't kill the clown, but she doesn't have to save the fiend.
903	Harley even encourages Ivy not to kill Lex, confessing if they get red in their ledger, they're no better than the guys they hate.
904	Should he find out that Harley killed Nightwing in a sleepwalking ordeal, he may decide to take Harley down rather than forgive her.
905	Maybe, but this series has a way of subverting heroes and intentions, which can end with the Bat deciding Harley really hasn't atoned.
906	One can only hope, though, that he sees how far Harley has come and that he helps her with her fractured psyche.
907	He needs numbers, and Harley is a capable replacement once she's stable.
908	Interestingly, with or without Bruce's approval, it feels like the new Harley can function as a hero.
909	Firstly, she and Ivy made a lot of enemies with this salvo.
910	If Ivy's hurt or, worse, killed, Harley can slip up.
911	And it would be understandable, as she believes they're soulmates.
912	Thus, she won't want anyone messing with true love and a potential future where they could have kids -- namely, their daughter, Neytiri.
913	Harley wants to be better to keep impressing and influencing Oracle.
914	She does love her like a sibling, so if anything happens to Barbara, Harley will seek vengeance as she did with the clown.
915	Sure, fans have faith that Harley will stay the course.
916	But with such fickle emotions and that sense of love complicating her existence, Harley may end up falling into the dark side due to all these attachments.
917	Hopefully, Harley maintains her new directive and keeps showing her altruistic colors, but it does feel like Season 5 will keep testing Harley and her no-kill policy if she's to keep her crew alive.
918	With Harley Quinn Season 4 now concluded, it became clear the series was embracing its kooky roots more than ever.
919	The Harley Quinn comics have done this a lot, delving into the Multiverse and such.
920	Despite some of the more over-the-top elements, Harley Quinn did stick to basics in Season 4.
921	More specifically, the show addressed Harley and Poison Ivy trying to work on their relationship, while taking down Lex Luthor.
922	In the process, Harley Quinn ended with some odd mysteries fans hope will get addressed in Season 5 if the show is renewed.
923	In Harley Quinn, it's known the Joker took a crowbar to Jason Todd and killed the Robin.
924	The lid is blown off in the Harley Quinn Season 4 ending with Talia al Ghul resurrecting Nightwing, whom Harley killed.
925	Seeing as the show is all about villains and antiheroes struggling with killing (especially Harley), Jason would be a perfect connection to the story of atonement.
926	If Harley Quinn gets renewed for a fifth season, the show will need to detail Bruce's callous behavior towards someone who sacrificed so much for him.
927	She's open about it, has evil companies, and shuts down the Bat-family's operations.
928	She even admits that controlling Bruce's empire allows her to plot her own vision.
929	Selina Kyle dominated proceedings, so it would be understandable if Bruce wanted her to work with Harley and reshape Gotham.
930	Harley Quinn had Harley and Ivy jumping to a bleak, broken future for marriage counseling.
931	It's the prime reality where Harley learned she killed Dick.
932	She used the Flash's cosmic treadmill and hopped back in time, all to ensure Doctor Psycho wouldn't be able to use the info after his mind-probe.
933	This means the show's current narrative is now in a branched/secondary reality, leaving viewers curious about the main one where Harley knocked Pyscho out.
934	Seeing as Season 4 dealt with incursions, both realities could bleed over again and expose how Harley tried to keep Dick's death a secret from Batgirl.
935	Harley Quinn has only had the Justice League in quaint cameos.
936	It's all plot convenience to test Harley over if she'll save a Kal-El who is indeed Ivy's enemy.
937	Funko has partnered with DC Comics to release exclusive figures of Big Barda and Harley Quinn at New York Comic Con 2023 in October.
938	Harley Quinn's figure is modeled after her appearance in the animated series on Max (formerly HBO Max).
939	In past years, Funko has had exclusive figures available only for those in attendance at NYCC (like Big Barda and Harley Quinn are expected to be) while also releasing a variety of pops in tandem with shared retailers that such as Walmart, Hot Topic, Target, Entertainment Earth and others.
940	The Big Barda and Harley Quinn Funko Pops will be available for purchase at NYCC from Oct. 12 - 15, 2023.
941	Harley Quinn, the Max original adult-animated superhero series, recently aired the tenth and final episode of its fourth season.
942	Sorkin was well-known for her role as Calliope Jones in Days of Our Lives, as well as the beloved original voice of Harley Quinn in various DC animated projects.
943	Sorkin's connection with the iconic character dates back to 1992, when she provided her voice for the character's first-ever appearance.
944	"Unlike most DC Comics characters, Harley Quinn was, in fact, created for Batman: The Animated Series, and debuted in the seventh episode of Season 1, ""Joker's Favor,"" as a sidekick and problematic love interest of the Clown Prince of Crime."
945	"The Harley Quinn Season 4 finale, ""Killer's Block,"" released earlier this week, features a touching homage to Sorkin."
946	The episode opens with an image displaying early sketches of the original Harley, which date back to 1993.
947	Lloyd also reflected on the connection between Sorkin's essence and the character of Harley Quinn, emphasizing the character's loyalty and the refusal to lead with anything but her heart.
948	She also provided her voice in the games The Adventures of Batman & Robin, Batman Vengeance, Batman: Arkham Asylum, and lastly DC Universe Online, popularizing Harley Quinn to fans worldwide.
949	Margot Robbie took on the role in live-action films, Suicide Squad, Birds of Prey, and The Suicide Squad, while Kaley Cuoco has been providing her voice in the animated series, Harley Quinn, since 2019.
950	Additionally, Cuoco's The Big Bang Theory co-star, Melissa Rauch also voiced the character in 2017's DC Universe Original Movie, Batman and Harley Quinn.
951	Lady Gaga is set to play Harley Quinn in the upcoming Todd Phillips film, Joker: Folie á Deux.
952	Harley Quinn is available to stream on Max.
953	The Season 4 finale of Harley Quinn featured the formation of the crimefighting team Gotham City Sirens.
954	"In ""Killer's Block,"" the tenth and final episode of Harley Quinn Season 4, Catwoman contacts Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and Barbara Gordon about forming a new crimefighting team, which will allow them to do things their way."
955	With Barbara now using a wheelchair after being paralyzed waist down by the Joker, it seems likely that she will adopt her comic book moniker Oracle next season.
956	The Gotham City Sirens, consisting of Catwoman, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy, first appeared in their self-titled DC comic book series in 2009, written by Paul Dini with art by Guillem March.
957	Before the team's introduction in Harley Quinn, David Ayer was set to direct a live-action Gotham City Sirens film starring Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.
958	However, the project was later sidelined in favor of 2020's Birds of Prey, which featured Harley Quinn, Black Canary, Huntress and Renee Montoya.
959	At the time of writing, Harley Quinn has not been renewed for a fifth season by Warner Bros. and Max.
960	However, given the series' popularity, as well as the cliffhanger ending of Season 4, it seems like the creative team is confident that Max will renew Harley Quinn for a fifth season.
961	As Harley Quinn fans patiently wait for word on a renewal, they can watch the first trailer for the show's upcoming spinoff Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, starring Matt Oberg as Kite Man.
962	The adult animated comedy series is set in the Harley Quinn Universe, following Kite Man and Golden Glider as they operate Noonan's, the seediest dive bar in Gotham City.
963	As Season 4 of Harley Quinn proceeded, Harley and Poison Ivy found themselves facing massive trials and tribulations.
964	They struggled with their jobs, as Ivy wanted to change the toxic Legion of Doom, while Harley wanted to prove herself alongside the Bat-Family.
965	Unfortunately, the death of Nightwing altered things drastically, resulting in Harley feeling alienated.
966	To make matters worse, Harley found out she killed Nightwing after another sleepwalking incident.
967	Harley wants to fix the past in case she and Ivy end up having their daughter, Neytiri, in this timeline.
968	However, Harley doesn't kill Joker for shooting Batgirl in a remix of The Killing Joke.
969	She realizes she's better than that, tossing him to Jim to torture and then opting to help Ivy attack Lex Luthor at his moon base.
970	While Ivy feels defeated, Harley lets her know how treasured she is.
971	Sure, they broke the moon, but Harley also saved Superman, allowing him to fix it.
972	They meet with Barbara, who admits she won't grow under the defunct vision of the Bat-Family.
973	She's in her wheelchair, embracing how she hacked and helped the ladies on the moon.
974	She wants to join them, affirming her future as Oracle.
975	Harley doesn't want to kill, so it remains to be seen if Catwoman will corrupt her.
976	It led to Harley and Ivy wondering if they could stay in line and atone while still getting their piece of the pie.
977	Instead, the Sirens allow Harley and Ivy to have their own thing after the Cobb Squad, with mentees like the Natural Disasters also there to join in at some point.
978	Harley Quinn Season 4 concludes with Talia al Ghul showing Damian the Lazarus Pit.
979	She resurrects Nightwing, but he's not totally a mindless zombie.
980	The reanimated Nightwing yells for Harley, making it obvious he wants to murder her for ending him.
981	It reaffirms the idea that Harley and Ivy may need to cross lines again if they're to survive the new era and a vengeful Nightwing.
982	The show, which was previously developed under the working title Noonan's, is a spinoff of Max's wildly popular series, Harley Quinn, whose titular character actually makes a silent cameo in the trailer.
983	"We love the wild and fun world of Harley Quinn so much we just had to make a spin-off and who better to center it around than the outcast Kite Man,"" said Suzanna Makkos, Executive Vice President of Original Comedy and Adult Animation at Max and Adult Swim, at the time."
984	Kite Man will seemingly be the next time DC fans see Kaley Cuoco's Harley Quinn since the character's self-titled show just concluded its fourth season.
985	Created by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker and Dean Lorey, Harley Quinn premiered in November 2019 on the now-defunct streaming service, DC Universe.
986	Harley Quinn, which also stars Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker and Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, has been well-received by both critics and fans.
987	With Kite Man likely set between the fourth and fifth seasons of Harley Quinn, it remains to be seen if the spinoff will tackle any of Harley Quinn's unresolved storylines.
988	DC's Birds of Prey writer Kelly Thompson has discussed Harley Quinn's role in the new series.
989	"Thompson explained in an interview with DC how Harley is still ""the oil to the other characters' water"" despite trying her best to behave."
990	Harley is on her best behavior in Birds of Prey.
991	"She's, of course, still Harley, but she and Dinah have some conversations in the first two issues that make it clear how high the stakes are,"" she said."
992	"At the end of the day, Harley's there because she believes in the mission and wouldn't do anything to risk that,"" Thompson added."
993	"The writer insists Harley's new role as a team player will not change the character's fun nature, ""She’s about being additive here, not destructive."
994	She'll still find ways to make her own fun though, don't worry.
995	"Harley Quinn made the team because Thompson was allowed to create her own Birds of Prey roster, ""Well, I think the origin is DC Executive Editor Ben Abernathy asking me if I'd like to pitch a Birds of Prey book, and me yelling yes!"
996	"And when I discovered they were very open and didn't have a lot of prerequisites, I just began digging into what I would want to write,"" she explained."
997	"So, I just kept going and hoping I wasn't dreaming it,"" she said."
998	"Well, everyone will still want Barbara, but other than that,"" she remarked."
999	"Thompson has revealed why she excluded long-time BOP members Barbara Gordon and Helena Bertinelli from the initial team, ""Well, Helena specifically isn't mentioned, but yes, Barbara is very specifically excluded from Dinah's team, and we'll be building on that mystery as we go,"" she said."
1000	In Harley Quinn Season 4, Poison Ivy has been faced with a daunting test.
1001	As much as she says she loves Harley, Ivy's ego has grown as the big villain in town.
1002	She's increased her credentials with the Legion of Doom, and even got her own mentees with the Natural Disasters.
1003	Throw in how Ivy's fanbase has widened, and the fact she's become a media sensation, it's easy to see why her narcissism drove a wedge between her and Harley.
1004	Despite him making her CEO, she knows she's a front for a toxic Legion of Doom.
1005	It's why she entertained offers from Talia al Ghul and even a queer Steppenwolf to turn on her boss.
1006	However, while she stuck with him, Ivy knows Lex will cause an apocalyptic future.
1007	This cataclysmic future was seen with a dark spin on Batman #666 by making Damian Wayne an evil overlord, and with Ivy deciding to help unblock the sun when she gets back home.
1008	She doesn't want Lex hurting Superman, or the world -- especially plants -- in general.
1009	As a result, Ivy pulls a Succession, with Harley deeming her the Kendall Roy of the story.
1010	She wants Ivy to become Logan Roy and ax Lex with a boardroom vote.
1011	It's quite funny seeing Harley getting things mixed up, however.
1012	In the case of Harley Quinn, Lex hatches sinister schemes and Ivy accidentally kills her swing vote during a golfing game.
1013	This occurs when the wife of a deceased influential board member comes to the meeting and votes for Ivy, as she's in favor of having women in positions of power.
1014	It would help undo her terrorist ways and shape her as the heroic philanthropist Harley wants her to be.
1015	Ivy was corrupted by Lex early on, and without him there, she may ignore the responsibilities of LexCorp and run the Legion her own way.
1016	She's smarter, more compassionate and has a better vision that won't selfishly hurt them.
1017	Unfortunately, this development will also regress the reconciliatory work she and Harley have been doing.
1018	Additionally, if Ivy's villains really cut loose, Harley won't be able to corral them.
1019	Talia even took back Damian to better his character, not to mention Harley Quinn killed Nightwing.
1020	Thus, if the Legion does become more assertive, it'll be Harley alone left to fight them.
1021	This will ultimately create a huge gap between the two women, as becoming the Legion boss would place Ivy further away from Harley.
1022	That remains to be seen, but she may well become the plant queen Harley feared she would become: filled with pride, power and an unchecked bloodlust.
1023	When Ivy sees the rocket blasting off, she can tell she's inheriting a major issue.
1024	She took everything from him, leaving Lex to wage war against her and the Legion that supported her.
1025	This includes Harley, which means Ivy is going to have to be as vigilant as ever to ensure her beloved stays out harm's way.
1026	The problem is Harley underestimated Lex as well, and as she tries to patch her superhero life, she may fall into Lex's trap.
1027	She knew Lex had some restraint, but thanks to her business power plays, he's poised to become more monstrous than ever.
1028	While Ivy may have won the boardroom, she still senses she created a more dangerous Lex as Season 4 of Harley Quinn concludes.
1029	Harley Quinn's Season 4 finale debuts Sept. 14 on Max.
1030	As Harley Quinn Season 4 has progressed, it's been filled with many surprises.
1031	One notable moment was Harley and Poison Ivy's daughter, Neytiri, being revealed in the future.
1032	In addition, Harley Quinn's Joker returned to his evil ways.
1033	Come Harley Quinn Season 4, Joker creates a similar rivalry when he shows up to shoot Batgirl.
1034	But it turns out that she got secret intel and outed Joker for lying about Nightwing's death.
1035	Thanks to her sleepwalking, Harley killed Dick, so Joker shows up for revenge on a rooftop, shooting Batgirl and then fleeing with his iconic cackles.
1036	Admittedly, Harley has struggled to stick to Batman's code in Harley Quinn Season 4.
1037	But she does have good in her, as the Harley clone showed.
1038	Still, the sleepwalking and stress from wondering if she and Ivy were meant to be got to her.
1039	In the process, Harley had a dispute with an angry Barbara, but the bottom line remained: they considered each other sisters.
1040	In fact, Barbara always vouched for Harley as a hero, reminding her she has light within.
1041	Thus, it's easy to see Harley avenging her.
1042	As such, there's no one around to remind Harley about their heroic symbol.
1043	She may feel guilty over giving Joker a second chance and benefit of the doubt.
1044	She's killed so many villains, so it'd feel natural that she'd be upset over not killing the one who did murder Jason Todd in the past.
1045	Not condoned, of course, but Harley would have a point.
1046	It'd be a lot more personal, too, as Batgirl has been key to Harley's rehabilitation and overall redemption song.
1047	This would bring Harley's main rivalry full circle and have her addressing the emancipation arc from Season 1.
1048	She didn't get proper closure and to settle the beef with the toxic Joker.
1049	So, this provides a chance for Harley to right a wrong she believes exists.
1050	Indeed, but Harley really can't handle losing yet another comrade who's backed her from the start.
1051	In this case, Harley becomes the Dark Knight from a philosophical perspective, with her moral compass to possibly face its toughest test yet.
1052	The entire purpose of this show has been to figure out whether Harley could remain a hero.
1053	She's been torn internally, especially after seeing Ivy having so much fun with her mentees, the Natural Disasters.
1054	But Harley knows there's a darkness inside that could corrupt her permanently.
1055	She's seen it in Ivy, which brought out a venomous ego in the plant queen and erstwhile eco-terrorist.
1056	If Harley crosses this line, she might not be able to walk it back.
1057	The problem is that Ivy may not try to bring Harley back.
1058	She might actually want Harley to cross it so they could become villains together and redefine what it means to be a power couple.
1059	These tyrants believe in Ivy, and with Joker gone, she could ascend the throne fully.
1060	Obviously, she'd want Harley alongside her.
1061	It means Harley can continue exploring the idea of true love and soulmates while controlling Gotham to reshape it with Ivy -- a dream they both shared since they met.
1062	It presents Harley a new mission, with the catalyst being Joker's death.
1063	Ultimately, Harley will have to dissect if she wants to be fueled by vengeance and what'll be the next chapter she's embracing.
1064	Her next move won't be a joke, and if she immerses herself in killing, she may end up putting herself back in a lane she tried hard to escape.
1065	Harley Quinn's Season 4 finale debuts Sep. 14 on Max.
1066	This time, in honor of the passing of the great Arleen Sorkin, all three legends will be Harley Quinn-related.
1067	In our third legend, see whether Arleen Sorkin stopped voicing Harley Quinn in the Arkham video games because she objected to how Harley was depicted.
1068	An interesting aspect of Harley Quinn's popularity as a character is that she debuted outside the world of comic books, debuting in Batman: The Animated Series, but perhaps the biggest moment in terms of her overall popularity ALSO occurred outside the comic book world, as it was Harley's appearance in the blockbuster 2009 video game, Batman: Arkham Asylum, that really helped to catapult Harley to a major character in popular culture.
1069	Of course, Harley went through some design changes between her classic Batman: The Animated Series appearances...
1070	Arleen Sorkin, the original voice of Harley Quinn, voiced the character in the first Arkham Asylum video game, but did not return for its 2011 sequel, Arkham City.
1071	One popular theory among fans was that Sorkin objected to how Harley was redesigned for the video game.
1072	"Here is a fan on social media repeating the story (this is a commonly held belief, so I'm just sharing this one fan's post as demonstration that this idea IS out there, not meaning to pick on this one specific poster), ""Before Tara Strong took over the role during the Arkham City and Knight, Arleen Sorkin return in the role for Arkham asylum but when she saw how Harleen was dress she refused to voice the character ever again"
1073	Since Sorkin retired from voice acting period around 2011 (doing just one last Harley Quinn appearance in 2012's DC Universe Online, and who knows when that was recorded?
1074	Not only that, though, but Sorkin WAS interviewed about the video game back in 2011, and she was COMPLIMENTARY of it all.
1075	"She was interviewed by Ben Wan in 2011, she noted about the game, ""It's quite remarkable the way the characters look really three-dimensional."
1076	"She added that the Harley in the game ""seemed very much like the Harley that I know."
1077	She then did a follow-up with Wan after the news came out about Strong replacing her.
1078	"She noted, ""Of all the people to be replaced by, I am happy it is Tara Strong."
1079	Whenever I would work with her, I'd marvel at how talented she is.
1080	"And she continued about Arkham Asylum specifically, ""I LOVED playing Harley and getting the nomination [for Best Voice] at the Spike T.V."
1081	Either Rocksteady decided to make a change, or she retired (her voice seemed to have some definite strain on it during Arkham Asylum, having voiced the character for basically 20 years at that point).
1082	"The outfits were not the issue (as, again, she specifically noted that it ""seemed very much like the Harley that I know"")."
1083	In our second legend, we learn about the iconic DC creator who tried to keep Harley Quinn out of the DC Universe?
1084	I bring this up to show that even popular characters can have side effects on characters that might be viewed as negative, and that is why Denny O'Neil, the iconic Batman writer and editor, wanted to keep Harley Quinn out of the DC Universe.
1085	"Amusingly, O'Neil's objection to Harley Quinn was preceded by Bruce Timm having basically the same reaction to the character when Paul Dini first suggested her for the early episode of Batman: The Animated Series called, ""Joker's Favor."
1086	And that was Timm and Burnett's initial objection to the addition of Harley Quinn to the series.
1087	However, she was just a minor character in that first story, so they agreed with Dini's concept of the character (although Timm re-designed the character's look).
1088	Once the episode came out, though, Timm and Burnett were so impressed by how well Arleen Sorkin played Harley Quinn, and how much the character stood out, that they ended up being fine with the character being more prominent.
1089	Timm then later did Harley's origin with Dini in the comic book one-shot, Mad Love, which was later adapted into the cartoon series, as well.
1090	For years, though, Harley Quinn's only comic book appearances were like Mad Love, comic books set in the world of the cartoon series.
1091	"Harley Quinn made her DC Universe debut in 1999's Batman: Harley Quinn, written by Dini (and drawn by Yvel Guichet and Aaron Sowd), who adapted the Mad Love origin into the DC Universe (while making Harley more than just a ""normal"" human so that she could coexist with characters in the DC Universe better, as Poison Ivy gives her a potion, of sorts, that makes Harley extremely acrobatic)."
1092	The one-shot was notably NOT edited by then-Batman editor, Denny O'Neil, who explained to my pal John Trumbull in TwoMorrows' Back Issue #99 that Harley Quinn had been added to the DC Universe without asking him, as he would have objected!
1093	He explained, “I was not consulted on Harley Quinn at all.
1094	Harley is a very good character.
1095	As O'Neil notes, though, he thinks that he would have been wrong in this case, but it's still fascinating to see how much objection there was to such a major comic book character like Harley.
1096	A major mystery in Season 4 of Harley Quinn has been who killed Nightwing.
1097	Unfortunately, Harley and Batgirl had no clue who did it, as they weren't really feuding with anyone at the time.
1098	Well, the bombshell behind the death has finally been dropped.
1099	And make no mistake, it's going to test what's left of Harley's inner circle in a big way.
1100	Harley's been racking her brain trying to figure out who murdered Nightwing and left him in the snowy mountains outside Gotham.
1101	Harley only managed to meet a dark spin on Batman #666, realizing the past needs fixing ASAP.
1102	However, the truth unfolds when she gets back home and becomes ensconced in her own clone saga.
1103	Harley's been sleepwalking all season long.
1104	Plus, she's hallucinating an evil double.
1105	In fact, she's been helping clean up crime, coming off more heroic than Harley.
1106	As fate would have it, Jim Gordon accidentally cloned Harley from a hair when heating up a potato in a microwave/clone machine at the Legion of Doom HQ.
1107	That drama aside, the clone confesses she was at the cabin when Harley went to find Barbara that night.
1108	A hateful Dick emerged, thinking Harley kidnapped Barbara, not realizing Harley was sleepwalking.
1109	Adamant she could be a hero, Harley strangled Nightwing with the friendship bracelet he refused and then planted the body in a tree.
1110	"Harley 2.0, who opted to stay in the shadows after being ""born,"" saw it all."
1111	She kept it mum all this time because she knew it was accidental.
1112	After the body dropped and Batgirl was left distraught, Harley 2.0 decided to help redeem the original by doing more heroic deeds.
1113	Harley ends up using Doctor Psycho to probe her memories and see that this all did happen.
1114	However, knowing he'd be problematic with the secret, she knocks him out and has Flash come over with the Cosmic Treadmill.
1115	Harley then goes back in time, avoids the session with Psycho and ignores the fact she could give Harley Quinn another Flashpoint.
1116	Again, it seems Harley, much like the show, has no grasp on the idea of consequences, time-meddling and messing with people's brains.
1117	It's part and parcel of why fans aren't sure if she really has what it takes to be a hero.
1118	Ironically, this is the position Dick took, which is why he constantly berated Harley.
1119	He felt she was a mocking pretender, only for his rage to be met with punishment.
1120	Still, while it's understandable what Harley has been doing to cover her tracks, she's proving Dick right.
1121	She just doesn't understand ownership of the situation.
1122	It makes Harley a tad hypocritical because these are things she's asked of Poison Ivy.
1123	Sure, they've reconciled after meeting their daughter, Neytiri, in the broken future, but Harley has called out Ivy for being in the toxic Legion of Doom and not embracing her duties as a lover.
1124	In Harley's case, she's avoiding hers as a superhero, seeking to hide a truth that would definitely ruin her reputation.
1125	The episode ends with Harley killing her clone and lying to Barbara.
1126	She tells Batgirl she didn't commit the murder -- the clone did.
1127	Bruce will be annoyed; a jailed Alfred won't like that Harley's lying, and there's the possibility the show embraces Damian's potential as Dark Robin if he decides Harley has to pay.
1128	Barbara considers Harley a sister, and while Batgirl has anger issues, she sees Harley as a true north.
1129	She's always believed in Harley, leaving fans wondering if she recovers, what'll be her stance.
1130	All these lies and guilt do seem destined to snowball and affect Harley mentally.
1131	Clearly, she's at a major crossroads, but as vulnerable as she is, she has to come clean.
1132	Harley needs to exorcise these demons permanently if she's to move forward -- not as a hero but as a person.
1133	Luckily, she does have one bedrock in Ivy.
1134	Ivy's not been that supportive of a partner this season, so with more power, she can become more corrupt.
1135	Sadly, now's not the time to be ignoring Harley.
1136	She needs help and a shoulder to lean on, so hopefully, Ivy puts her soulmate and true love first.
1137	Harley's mind and body are at stake, as well as the notion that Gotham could turn on her if word emerges about what she did.
1138	Throw in the Bat-Family potentially being at her throat, and it does feel like Harley Quinn Season 4 is inching a step closer to breaking Harley for good in its finale.
1139	The Max original adult animated series, Harley Quinn has never been one to shy away from poking fun at some of the biggest pop culture fanbases, including the DC's own Snyderverse.
1140	"In Season 4, Episode 8, ""Il Buffone"", Harley Quinn and her partner Poison Ivy return to the present, after time-traveling to 2048 in the previous episode, which reveals that an apocalypse is about to take place in their time."
1141	"In a previous episode, two fans passionately debated whether to watch Harley Quinn or not, with one sporting a ""Release the Snyder Cut"" t-shirt and the other donning a ""The Last Jedi is not canon"" shirt."
1142	Harley Quinn is well-known for making references to the various ongoing debates and discussions within Hollywood with humor and social commentary.
1143	The season also featured a direct connection to the classic Batman: The Animated Series, showing Harley's distaste for her iconic thick Brooklyn accent in older media.
1144	While Harley Quinn: A Very Problematic Valentine's Day Special called out the later seasons shows Dexter and The Office for being bad, the latest season also consistently emphasizes Harley playfully teasing Nightwing's remarkably well-shaped buttocks, thus flipping the script on the superhero film trope in which female characters are frequently sexualized through revealing and tight clothing.
1145	New episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 are streaming on Max.
1146	The figures revealed on X (formerly Twitter) consist of Batman, Catwoman and Harley Quinn.
1147	Campbell’s success in comics began when WildC.A.T.S was published by current DC president Jim Lee’s studio, Wildstrom Comics (Homage Studios at the time).
1148	Finally, Harley Quinn’s 1:10th resin figure is inspired by Simone Di Meo.
1149	Di Meo has also worked with many other publishers such as IDW, Titan Comics and Dynamite.
1150	The Batman, Catwoman and Harley Quinn figurines will be available for preorder on September 6, 2023, from McFarlane Toys and select stores.
1151	Catwoman's status as an antihero means she can never truly change.
1152	She can never fully commit to heroism, and she can never completely return to life as a villain.
1153	It makes the character unpredictable, but it also means she lacks stable characterization.
1154	Harley Quinn is a wildcard.
1155	Rarely one to settle on anything — let alone a moral code — Harley lives to cause chaos wherever she goes.
1156	After breaking up with the Joker, Harley has caused problems for heroes and villains alike.
1157	At her core, she just likes brutality, whimsy, and complete and utter unpredictability.
1158	With that in mind, asking Harley to settle as either a villain or a hero would appear unrealistic.
1159	However, it would actually be a cunning move for Harley.
1160	As a character, Harley is at her most compelling when facing off against the Joker.
1161	Harley's relationship with the Joker is painful, and she can capitalize on the tragedy of their connection by fully turning against her former partner.
1162	Harley would still be a chaotic force among the heroes, but keeping her away from villainy would cement how wrong the Joker truly was.
1163	Her goals tend to be respectable, as she wants little more than to keep the United States safe, but she expresses them in horrific ways.
1164	She commits war crimes as a matter of doing business, and she rarely finds friends within the superhero community.
1165	At some point, however, DC needs to treat Waller like the undeniable villain that she is.
1166	She has tried to kill the Suicide Squad many times, disobeys justified orders, and manipulates countless people.
1167	At other times, she supports her father's murderous mission.
1168	If Talia al Ghul is ever to grow as a character, she needs to choose a side.
1169	Talia has been in comics for decades, but — outside of Damian Wayne's introduction — she's rarely had the opportunity to grow.
1170	Once Talia makes a definitive decision, she can blossom into a true force of nature.
1171	Shows like Harley Quinn, Barry, and The Sandman are perfect for fans of The Boy's brand of gore, alternative humor, and social commentary.
1172	One of Netflix's Marvel shows, The Punisher, revolves around Frank Castle, or the Punisher, a former Marine and now a vigilante who is trying to avenge his murdered family.
1173	The Punisher is known for his violent methods, unlike those of a regular and wholesome superhero.
1174	The Punisher is a bleak TV show with an antihero who is very difficult to redeem.
1175	The Punisher doesn't think twice before making villains suffer for their terrible crimes.
1176	Banshee is the perfect option for those looking for a shockingly violent tv show.
1177	The character steals the identity of the previous town sheriff, Lucas Hood, when the latter is murdered in a bar fight.
1178	Banshee follows the complicated relationship between Hood and his previous lover, Anastasia, as well as his ongoing conflict with crimelord Rabbit.
1179	While Banshee isn't a show about superheroes, it features plenty of tension, lots of disturbing and brutal scenes, and a thrilling plot.
1180	As a Disney+ show, She-Hulk: Attorney At Law doesn't include the level of violence and dark humor that fans of The Boys are used to seeing.
1181	However, She-Hulk is an interesting approach to the superhero genre, with metatextual jokes, and a feminist outlook.
1182	Very few shows nowadays, especially superhero ones, take the time to include relatable characters who defy the superhero conventions in the way Jennifer Walters, aka She-Hulk, does.
1183	She-Hulk is perfect for those looking for a lighter show that still thinks outside the box.
1184	A Netflix adaptation of The Sandman comics published by DC, The Sandman was one of the best superhero shows released in 2022.
1185	Harley Quinn is one of the most irreverent, absurd, and engaging superhero shows ever created.
1186	After Harley breaks up with the Joker, she tries to figure out her identity and purpose in life.
1187	In this process, she forms a new villain group with Poison Ivy, Bane, Clayface, and King Shark.
1188	While sometimes it feels all over the place, Harley Quinn is a fantastic watch, especially for people who like shows like The Boys.
1189	Harley Quinn Season 4's attempts at heroic arcs have done a disservice to its supervillain characters and overall tonal identity.
1190	Harley and her ex-boyfriend, the Joker, have undergone many life changes since they separated in the first season.
1191	The Harley Quinn animated series highlights the life of Harley Quinn and her girlfriend, Poison Ivy, as they pursue their nefarious passions in Gotham City.
1192	However, Harley and the Joker's newfound life ambitions have struggled to be compelling in the fourth season.
1193	Harley Quinn's halfhearted efforts at rehabilitating its villains have undermined their character arcs.
1194	Season 4 began with significant status quo changes for Harley and her former partner, the Joker, as they pursued non-villainous life paths.
1195	Harley tried to become a crime-fighting hero with the Bat Family, while the Joker led Gotham City as its newest mayor.
1196	However, the Bat Family were quick to shun Harley as she suddenly lost their trust and support.
1197	Harley and the Joker's new careers have been Season 4's most disappointingly shallow stories, mainly because the overarching narrative hasn't committed to the implications of these arcs.
1198	Gotham City's bureaucratic corruption and Batman's violent vigilantism both carry moral quandaries that the Joker and Harley might've comedically explored in their respective character arcs.
1199	The show also wrote Harley Quinn's new Bat Family vigilante arc into a narrative dead end after making her a pariah among the Bat Family and her supervillain friends.
1200	Harley Quinn's narrative seems reluctant to fully embrace non-villainous character development, resulting in a contradictory crisis of identity -- the show cannot decide its stance on villainy versus heroism, and which life path is more compelling for these two characters.
1201	She became the new CEO of the Legion of Doom, and her new career has produced the season's most exciting and hilarious arcs.
1202	She humiliated a cocaine-superpowered villain, Snowflame, and other Legion members who tried to disrespect her new role.
1203	She even gained a small band of proteges -- Terra, Volcana, and Tefé -- that she can mentor to become strong female villains within the Legion of Doom.
1204	Ivy's CEO storyline has been Season 4's best arc because it did what Harley and the Joker's stories struggled to do.
1205	Harley Quinn completely embraced Ivy's new role as the Legion of Doom's nefarious, ruthless leader.
1206	Unlike Harley and Joker's arcs, Poison Ivy's rise to power has consistently developed and escalated the narrative stakes to create gripping conflicts between herself and DC's most infamous supervillains.
1207	Her Legion of Doom story has been the most consistently creative and memorable narrative of Harley Quinn Season 4.
1208	The fourth season of Harley Quinn made a bold creative attempt at exploring somewhat heroic arcs for its supervillains.
1209	But the show's halfhearted efforts to develop these stories failed to capitalize on the full potential of these character arcs, and robbed Harley and the Joker of their villainous charm.
1210	As the explosive Season 4 of Harley Quinn proceeds on Max, the spotlight has been shared with many other villains.
1211	Harley and Poison Ivy are the focus of the season, but Ivy's mentees in the Natural Disasters, as well as the rest of the Legion of Doom are getting their chance to shine too.
1212	That said, the latest episode of Harley Quinn puts the focus on an older tyrant -- the fan-favorite Bane.
1213	At the same time, Bane is trying to woo Nora Fries, but she's not not into him.
1214	She's not into hopeless romantics -- as seen by her constantly trying to hook up with the unsavory Captain Cold.
1215	Sadly, Nora quickly belittles what he did for her, telling him she had pasta for lunch.
1216	It's her way of saying shove off, but it reiterates just how little she cares about Bane.
1217	This leaves Bane adamant to keep working on new schemes because no matter what, she's his inspiration and a muse he can't let go of.
1218	Harley Quinn has certainly inverted many of DC's well-known heroes and villains, remixing them with dark comedy.
1219	As such, Harley and her crew feel sorry for him.
1220	Even Harley Quinn's King Shark wants to befriend Bane, making up for the times they rejected him.
1221	Nonetheless, Bane is pure, filled with heart and soul, and someone Harley will still care for.
1222	It doesn't matter that she's a superhero now; she knows Bane is a lost soul who just wants warmth, compassion, and empathy.
1223	In fact, it's similar to the feelings Harley wants after coming back from the future with Ivy.
1224	While Harley Quinn's main narrative is great, the show could benefit from extra side stories.
1225	More backstory would inform his fetishes with Superman, creating extra intrigue.
1226	When Harley Quinn fully details its personalities, they -- and by extension, the show -- really glows.
1227	So, here's to hoping others get this Bane treatment to continue punctuating how rich, diverse and kooky this part of the Harleyverse really is.
1228	New episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 come out Thursdays on Max.
1229	As Harley Quinn Season 4 proceeds, fans are being treated to wild, depraved takes on quite a few villains.
1230	Well, just when fans think Lex can't get any more twisted, he shatters that notion as Harley Quinn's apocalypse plays out.
1231	Harley and Ivy jump back in time following an excursion to the future.
1232	But after a war with Harley Quinn's King Shark and some of Ivy's other associates, it's revealed Lex wants to blot the sun out.
1233	When Ivy and Harley spot a de-powered Superman -- petrified as hell -- it dawns that Lex wants to target him.
1234	"But the lurid bombshell is quickly dropped: Lex wants to ""f**k Superman!"
1235	It makes the villain even more maniacal, but as Harley and Ivy can tell, it's pretty much on brand.
1236	Lex's macabre fantasy was confirmed earlier in Harley Quinn Season 4 when he had a meeting with Talia al Ghul.
1237	Harley Quinn prides itself on being insulting, offensive and as something that doesn't beg for permission.
1238	This helps place Harley and Ivy in contrast, showcasing how they might be 'normal' compared to the rest of the city.
1239	Thankfully, Wonder Woman's around, although she could be busy with all the fire and brimstone happening.
1240	It does give Harley a shot at being a hero again, though, after she seems healed from Nightwing being killed.
1241	That's because if a Harley, who's all alone, can't rely on Ivy to help her protect one of Earth's biggest heroes in this mess, she may not be able to count on her for anything down the line.
1242	Harley Quinn was created especially for her by DCAU guru Paul Dini, famously matching the actor's own personality.
1243	Today, Harley is one of DC's most popular characters, complete with a hit show of her own on Max.
1244	Harley appeared 20 times in various projects in the franchise, along with another eight cameos where Sorkin's voice wasn't used.
1245	"Harley plays a very small role in ""Lock-Up,"" in which a sadistic guard at Arkham becomes a villain after the inmates out his brutal practices."
1246	She appears early to testify against him, seeming to renege before confessing that he treats them all like animals.
1247	She then bows out to let Batman and Robin take on the freshly minted supervillain.
1248	Harley's presence isn't quite superfluous, but she's here mainly to generate sympathy before throwing her tormentor against The Dark Knight.
1249	Harley occupies an intriguing subplot, however, as he first abandons her to the police and then replaces her with a lookalike after he hits the jackpot.
1250	And while Harley is left on the sidelines -- barring an ill-fated effort to escape Arkham -- her revenge is merciless.
1251	She reveals herself as a guard on the transport back to the asylum, then takes a nightstick to him while his hands are cuffed.
1252	"Girls' Night Out"" puts Kara Zor-El and Barbara Gordon in the spotlight, as Superman baddie Livewire joins Harley and Ivy for another round of mayhem."
1253	Harley is reduced to comic relief, as Pam gushes over Livewire's abilities and leaves her non-powered partner the odd crook out.
1254	She's also the first to fall when her boxing glove gun backfires against The Girl of Steel.
1255	Each episode is canon, and the series retained the original voice actors for all of their previous DCAU roles (including Sorkin for Harley).
1256	But they retain their affection for all of their protagonists, and Harley gets a few choice moments of her own.
1257	"The high point is Season 2, Episode 8, ""Gotham Noir,"" in which she envisions herself as a hard-boiled detective on the mean streets."
1258	She soon falls in with Harley and Ivy, who have their own uses for her powers.
1259	But Harley has a great entrance -- arriving on a blimp decorated with her themes -- and the perennial criminal gal pals make a refreshing change from the likes of The Joker.
1260	"Harley barely makes only a token appearance in ""Wild Cards,"" which is divided between two episodes as usual for Justice League."
1261	That leaves Sorkin's Harley relegated to just a couple of scenes as she dutifully sets up the episode's real stars, only to be knocked unconscious by her abusive beau at the end.
1262	But Harley lovers hoping to see more of Sorkin's performance are better served with different episodes.
1263	Batman and his friends face a trio of challenges between Christmas and New Year's, starting with a demented shopping spree from Harley and Ivy.
1264	(Harley loves the holidays, Pam not so much.)
1265	"But Harley has a big part in the action, first announcing the inmates' takeover of Arkham and then as a ""witness"" thanking The Caped Crusader for creating her beloved Mr. J."
1266	"In the midst of it, ""Trial"" drops the first details that would become Harley's origins story."
1267	The DA recounts how Harley used to be a doctor at Arkham before The Joker got his hooks into her.
1268	Harley has just a single scene in the episode, which mostly serves to set up one of its few humorous moments.
1269	That includes a sobbing Harley describing her constant nightmares before joining the other villains in suing Wayne blind.
1270	And as is her wont, Harley kicks it off by hitting a hapless antique with Joker gas.
1271	Beyond that, she's solely Mr. J's hired help, though she takes advantage of her opportunities when they arise.
1272	Harley has a hard time competing with some of The Animated Series' one-off characters, often serving as the butt of the joke while another figure takes the accolades.
1273	Unfortunately, it also leaves Harley in the lurch.
1274	The Creeper arises when The Joker hits an ambitious news anchor with laughing gas and pushes him into a vat of acid.
1275	Naturally, he's attracted to Harley, and naturally, she's horrified.
1276	Harley evolves over time from the straight-up villain in The Animated Series to a beloved antihero in later versions.
1277	"Harlequinade"" begins that journey when Batman recruits a reluctant Harley to stop The Joker from detonating an atomic bomb."
1278	"Indeed, the best parts of ""Harlequinade"" come at the end, when Mr. J betrays Harley yet again and they all but go to war."
1279	Batman and Robin watch their machine-gun-laden exchange before Harley finally pulls the trigger.
1280	The gun is empty and he finds her lethality endearing, but it made a hell of a statement that later Harleys could build on.
1281	Harley's whereabouts are a huge mystery throughout most of The Return of the Joker.
1282	But she lingers in the air, especially after the film's horrifying flashback scene where she helps The Joker torture and brainwash Tim Drake.
1283	She's never come so close to pure evil.
1284	"The payoff comes at the end when a foul-tempered ""Nana Harley"" bails the Dee-Dees out of jail."
1285	That gives Harley the last laugh, even if she's too angry at her kin to enjoy it.
1286	"Harley steps out on her own as an ostensibly reformed criminal in ""Harley's Holiday,"" only to see it all blow up in her face."
1287	More importantly, it gives Harley the spotlight all to herself, with neither The Joker nor Poison Ivy anywhere to be seen.
1288	It's proof of concept that the character needn't be beholden to those around her, and that she's going to be herself regardless of circumstances.
1289	She even reaches an accord with Batman, who expresses empathy for her struggles.
1290	"The Laughing Fish"" is great for reasons that have nothing to do with Harley."
1291	In the middle of it, The Animated Series establishes The Joker's abuse of Harley in surprisingly dark ways.
1292	Though they remained platonic friends in The Animated Series, Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn were clearly made for each other.
1293	Their initial meeting is another of the series' sparkling masterpieces, as Harley moves in with her new bestie after a fight with Mr. J.
1294	The Animated Series always made the extent of The Joker's abuse crystal clear, giving Harley a sense of tragedy at her inability to break free.
1295	Her partnership with Ivy lends her a sense of identity separate from his, as well as a reliable friend who stands up for her even when she won't stand up for herself.
1296	Without it, there would be no Harley Quinn, and both characters would be considerably less interesting.
1297	Harley's golden introduction was intended to be a one-off, positing her as a variation of the gun molls on the Adam West Batman TV series.
1298	And yet it's Harley who invariably draws the eye.
1299	As the new ingredient to the mix, she has an instant novelty value, which she accentuates with her sharp tongue and an impressive array of skills.
1300	"Besides being one of The Animated Series' funniest episodes, ""The Man Who Killed Batman"" sees Harley absolutely steal the show from under everyone's noses."
1301	"Harley scores the episode's biggest laugh with her kazoo-rendered version of ""Amazing Grace,"" played as The Joker sends a pleading Debris into a vat of acid."
1302	But her real magic trick comes earlier when she poses as an attorney to get Debris out of prison.
1303	Only when she reveals herself does Sidney -- and the audience -- realize how much trouble he's in.
1304	Another ensemble piece makes Harley just one of the gang but remains one of the very best episodes the show ever produced.
1305	And while it's not Harley-centric, it gives her the anchor spot: holding Catwoman hostage off-site until Batman comes to the rescue.
1306	"Mad Love"" is Harley's shining moment in the DCAU: officially encapsulating her origins for the first time and revealing the complexities of her decidedly unhealthy fixation on Mr. J."
1307	It recounts Harley's early days as an ambitious psychologist, who falls under The Joker's spell at Arkham and morphs into his willing accomplice.
1308	Harley never breaks away from The Joker in The Animated Series: that's left to subsequent versions of the character.
1309	"Mad Love"" charts the core of his abuse, and the cost to her soul, while quietly suggesting that she's meant for better things."
1310	"As Batman reminds The Joker in the episode's finale, she came closer to actually killing him than her ""Puddin'"" ever did."
1311	Harley's journey from abuse victim to abuse survivor begins with this episode.
1312	The late Arleen Sorkin may be the definitive Harley Quinn, originating the role in Batman: The Animated Series after her friend Paul Dini wrote it just for her.
1313	Harley has evolved far beyond those roots, both in the comics and in subsequent adaptations where actors like Margot Robbie and Kaley Cuoco put their own spin on the character.
1314	Her performances in the DCAU firmly established the early stages of Harley's career, as The Joker's oft-abused lover and sidekick.
1315	But while her version of the character never broke with him, she planted the seeds of the more rounded Harley in subsequent adaptations.
1316	Here's a rundown of her most memorable performances in the role that she continues to define.
1317	Harley plays a huge role in it all, notably by drawing The Creeper's unwanted attention, which lets Sorkin play up the character's irritated side.
1318	"That comes atop her hapless attempt to win The Joker's affections -- singing ""Happy Anniversary"" to him while covered in pudding -- and lamentations after she's thrown out by her abusive beau."
1319	Harley's official debut is comparatively minor.
1320	Yet even in her first outing, Sorkin helps Harley rise above expectations.
1321	She shows tremendous criminal aptitude, disguising herself as a policewoman to help The Joker blow up a dinner for Commissioner Gordon.
1322	She was just too good to limit to one episode.
1323	Gotham Girls is a canonical series of Flash shorts from the early 2000s featuring some of the DCAU's popular female characters, including Harley.
1324	Harley (and Sorkin) plays the wacky instigator whose nutty plans cause no end of consternation among the other she-crooks.
1325	"Gotham Noir"" is the best of them, as Harley imagines herself as a hard-boiled detective tasked with recovering Catwoman's beloved pet."
1326	Sorkin provides a tough-as-nails voiceover in a warped version of Gotham, adding a little signature Harley zaniness along the way.
1327	Harley's antihero side comes peeking out as she agrees to help Batman stop The Joker from detonating an atomic bomb.
1328	She reneges on the deal, only to find out the hard way that Joker never had any intention of saving her from the blast.
1329	Sorkin takes full advantage of the chance to show the better angels of Harley's nature.
1330	She's even able to do what Batman can't: pull the trigger on The Joker and rid Gotham of his evil for good.
1331	The gun's empty and Mr. J treats it as foreplay, but like many of the best Harley episodes, it lays the groundwork for the stand-alone character she ultimately becomes.
1332	Harley is suspiciously absent from most of The Return of the Joker, but as usual, she steals every scene that she's in.
1333	That starts with the film's horrifying flashback, where she helps Mr. J utterly destroy Tim Drake's Robin.
1334	Sympathy has always been Harley's secret weapon, but here Sorkin makes her every bit as vicious as her grinning ex.
1335	Her real scene-stealing moment comes in the finale, when she bails out her two granddaughters who have been running with the Joker's gang.
1336	"Nana Harley"" has become a domineering old woman, mean as a badger and with no loss of her signature wit."
1337	she snarls at her two charges, who would clearly rather take their chances in jail.
1338	The Animated Series was never coy about The Joker's appalling treatment of Harley, and while Sorkin's incarnation never quite broke the cycle, she became a ready surrogate for abuse survivors of all types.
1339	Harley spends the episode as his ever-loyal assistant, singing an ad jingle in front of his faux commercials and generally aiding in the mayhem.
1340	But she also pays the price when Joker first forces her to eat the fish (she's allergic) and then stuffing a giant costume on top of her.
1341	she quietly seethes.
1342	"Harley's Holiday"" is proof of concept that The Joker's sidekick could do more than just back his plays."
1343	After earning her release from Arkham Asylum, Harley tries to re-enter society with disastrous results.
1344	The episode reveals her as a Tim Burton-esque outsider, bound to get into trouble solely because of who she is.
1345	Harley really came into her own when Poison Ivy came into her life, helping her break Mr. J's spell over her and stand out on her own terms.
1346	"Harley and Ivy"" teams them up for the first time, as Harley finally has enough of The Joker's abuse and joins forces with her new friend."
1347	It also firmly establishes Harley as her own character, separate from The Joker and able to form connections on her own.
1348	Harley slips in and quietly steals the show.
1349	"Her reveal in costume is the first sign that Debris is in serious trouble, which she caps by playing ""Amazing Grace"" on kazoo as The Joker lowers him into a vat of acid."
1350	Mad Love (Paul Dini, Bruce Timm, Glen Murakami, Tim Harkins and Rick Taylor) was originally a one-shot comic published in late 1993 during the first two seasons of Batman: The Animated Series.
1351	When The New Batman Adventures gave the show a soft reboot in 1997, Dini and Timm adapted the story and cemented Harley's origins as a supervillain.
1352	It lets Sorkin play Harley's pre-supervillain self while also grounding the character -- even at her most unhinged -- in identifiable emotions.
1353	"She came a lot closer than you ever did, 'Puddin',"" Batman sneers at The Joker in the finale: a sign of her future as something far more than a clown's sidekick."
1354	In our first legend, we explore the surprising influence that The Princess Bride had on the creation of Harley Quinn.
1355	In 1987, the soap opera Days of Our Lives did a riff on the then-new film, The Princess Bride, and the result inadvertently led to the creation of one of the most notable comic book characters of the past 40 years, Harley Quinn!
1356	Sorkin, though, wanted to do more than just play Calliope, she had ideas, as well.
1357	She told Vulture back in 2016, “I could never just come in and run my lines.
1358	Sorkin liked the storyline so much that she even had some VHS tapes of her best Days moments, including the storyline, made that she sent to family and friends.
1359	That, of course, is where Harley Quinn comes into play.
1360	Our own Timothy Donohoo just had a good piece about how Sorkin, being part of the character from the start, meant that the character of Harley Quinn was, in great part, BUILT by Sorkin.
1361	Harley Quinn recently took viewers on a trip down memory lane with the introduction of two minor characters from the 1995 DC film Batman Forever.
1362	"Metamorphosis,"" the sixth episode of Harley Quinn Season 4, featured the animated debut of Sugar and Spice, who were originally created as lovers and molls for Two-Face in the live-action film, Batman Forever."
1363	Sugar and Spice appearing in Harley Quinn marks the adult animated comedy's latest homage to the decades-long history of Batman.
1364	"Harley Quinn had previously referenced Batman Forever and other Batman-related media in the Season 3 episode, ""Batman Begins Forever,"" which visually evoked the art style of Batman: The Animated Series."
1365	Harley Quinn is streaming on Max.
1366	Harley Quinn is now a popular character in her own right, but she started out as The Joker's sidekick in the cartoon.
1367	Voiced by Arleen Sorkin, Harley has gone on to become a major DC icon
1368	Sadly, Arleen Sorkin passed away recently, leaving a huge void in the Batman and Harley Quinn fandoms.
1369	While many hardcore fans recognize her name and associate it with the Harley, not as many are aware of how much she inspired the character.
1370	Several elements that made Harley Quinn a hit were influenced by the woman who voiced her, with Sorkin even knowing one of the minds behind the popular 1990s Batman cartoon.
1371	Thus, it's easily arguable that Arleen Sorkin didn't just voice Harley Quinn -- she was her true creator.
1372	Even her name referenced her origins, with Harleen Frances Quinzel sounding similar to Arleen Sorkin's own name.
1373	"Even her eventual costumed identity of ""Harley Quinn"" is a pun on the word ""harlequin,"" further alluding to Calliope wearing a clown costume in the dream sequence."
1374	The voice that Arleen Sorkin used to bring Harley Quinn to life was very similar to her portrayal of Calliope Jones.
1375	It further represented the gangster moll aspect of the villain, as she was essentially second-in-command of The Joker's crime gang.
1376	Like Sorkin, Harley was actually a bubbly blonde in a clown costume, though both were vivacious without their jester suits.
1377	Harley Queen was full of energy and perhaps even more lively than the sometimes dour Joker himself.
1378	"At the same time, she also displayed far more humanity, and without her the influence of her ""puddin',"" she was sometimes able to even affect a version of heroism."
1379	In fact, she completely turned over a new leaf by the future of Batman Beyond, as shown in Batman Beyond: Return of The Joker.
1380	There, Harley (still voiced by Sorkin) chastised her granddaughters for their criminal ways, with the two clearly inspired by their grandmother's past.
1381	This was one of several great performances and portrayals of the character by Arleen Sorkin, who voiced Harley Quinn throughout the breadth of the DC Animated Universe.
1382	"For instance, the episode ""Harley and Ivy"" emphasized her relationship with fellow Batman foe Poison Ivy, which would be expanded upon in later material and continuities."
1383	"Likewise, ""Girl's Night Out"" teamed up Harley, Poison Ivy and the Superman foe Livewire, pitting them against the heroic Supergirl and Batgirl."
1384	"These episodes showed how fun and exciting the character was, and it's no surprise that she went on to become far more than the ""one-episode wonder"" she was planned to be."
1385	Ever since Batman: The Animated Series, Harley Quinn has been one of the most popular Batman villains ever.
1386	She first transitioned into the comics via the comic book tie-in to the cartoon, with her next major printed appeared being the Elseworlds storyline Batman: Thrillkiller.
1387	Batman: No Man's Land finally put her in the mainstream comic book DC Universe, and she remained a firm part of Gotham City's criminal underworld afterward.
1388	Things would change forever for the character during the New 52 reboot, in which she was radically redesigned with an edgier aesthetic and placed on the Suicide Squad.
1389	There, she became more independent of the Joker and grew into a veritable intellectual property of her own, with a long-running comedic series from Jimmy Palmiotti and Amanda Conner putting the now antihero on the map.
1390	This increased popularity and connection to the Suicide Squad had Harley Quinn used as a member of the team in the DC Extended Universe.
1391	The same went for Hynden Walch, Kaley Cuoco and Tara Strong, who also voiced versions of Harley Quinn in various animated shows and movies.
1392	This showed that, despite Sorkin no longer voicing her, Harley Quinn was forever based around her in some way, including some of the more esoteric elements that inspired Paul Dini to create her.
1393	For instance, the prequel TV series Gotham had a prototype stand-in for Harley Quinn named Ecco, who notably ran around on rollerblades.
1394	The same went for the Harley Quinn introduced in the Batman '66 comic books, with both clearly influenced by the Days of Our Lives bit with Calliope.
1395	Conversely, Batman: The Brave and the Bold had Harley as a flapper girl, somewhat evoking her intentions as a gangster moll when she was created.
1396	Now and forevermore, it will be the actress' iconic voice that fans most associate with Harley Quinn.
1397	Harley Quinn certainly can't be accused of pulling its punches.
1398	Harley Quinn, however, can smell excess pomposity and wasn't about to let the moment pass without punching back.
1399	"And while I can enjoy that film, I don't resonate with it because it doesn't look real.” The comments came with some grudging praise (he called Auquaman ""fun"") but also actively pushed how much better The Way of Water's effects would look."
1400	Harley Quinn spots the weakness in Cameron's armor.
1401	The episode's title soon explains itself when Harley and Ivy rocket two decades into the future to find a post-apocalyptic dystopia ruled by tinpot despot Damien Wayne.
1402	Naturally, Harley and Ivy think it's all a joke.
1403	Harley giggles.)
1404	Harley Quinn isn't inclined to let him forget it
1405	New episodes of Harley Quinn stream every Thursday on Max.
1406	When Harley Quinn Season 4 began, it became clear the series would pivot a lot on the Bat-family.
1407	It made sense, given Bruce Wayne went to a jail for elites and Harley signed up to join his charges.
1408	It's left Harley even more mentally fractured as she tries to figure out her future.
1409	This results in Harley trying to jump decades ahead in time to find the answers, but what ensues is a chaotic spin on a famous Grant Morrison concept: Batman #666.
1410	It's something that frustrated fans, but bit by bit, the publisher has leaned towards Damian breaking bad someday and that this mystical reality may end up coming to pass.
1411	Still, he didn't care if violence was a method people frowned upon since it worked and established what he branded as order.
1412	He loved ruling through fear, terror and intimidation, which is what Harley meets when she uses a time sphere.
1413	She jumps to the future with Ivy, only to find a resistance led by their daughter, Neytiri.
1414	He's also surveilling the entire city, working in angles from Batman Beyond's Neo-Gotham, Brother Eye and the OMAC Corps robots as well to let Harley's crew know he controls this locale.
1415	When Harley and Ivy do oppose him, they soon learn Damian has been doing this for fun.
1416	His purpose was understandable in those comics, but in Harley Quinn, he's as annoying and infantile as possible playing a twisted game.
1417	Harley Quinn's take on Damian very much leans hard into him being a joke.
1418	However, Harley Quinn's future timeline depicts him as prematurely balding, overweight and can't even walk properly.
1419	The future timeline establishes he'd never evolve from being a brat, regardless of who tries to take charge.
1420	Harley Quinn has poked fun at all Bat-family members, from an insecure Alfred going to prison to Nightwing's overprotective attitude.
1421	Ironically, Harley Quinn's depiction of the Bat-family members makes them flawed and human.
1422	He'll always remain a tantrum-throwing child, which is why King Shark's son, King Baby, turns on him and sends Harley and Ivy back home.
1423	Ultimately, as Damian is left in shame, it's clear Harley Quinn Season 4 will continue to subvert exceptions, as seen with how it reinterprets Morrison's bleak vision into something morose, yet equally comedic.
1424	Harley Quinn Season 4 debuts new episodes Thursdays on Max.
1425	In the Harley Quinn TV series, many have assumed Poison Ivy is Harley's most important ally.
1426	However, Harley Quinn Season 4 has dug up an old sub-arc that proves this isn't necessarily the case.
1427	In fact, Harley's most crucial friend is someone way more comical, aloof and quirky from her Season 1 group.
1428	"In Episode 7, ""The Most Culturally Impactful Film Franchise of All Time,"" Harley and Ivy get lost in time thanks to a Legion of Super Heroes' time sphere."
1429	Harley intended to find the mature Ivy and Harley in the future to help the present-day couple solve their conflict.
1430	Unfortunately, they discover an apocalyptic future where Harley Quinn's Dark Robin (Damian Wayne) has imprisoned heroes and villains in a fascist vibe.
1431	Luckily, Harley and Ivy's daughter, Neytiri, help them break into Wayne Tower to bring Damian down.
1432	"However, Neytiri turns on both of her mothers, handing them over to Damian in exchange for a bag of dirt she refers to as ""unobtainium."
1433	He backstabs Damian and Neytiri, letting Harley and Ivy know they're good people, and they can change the future.
1434	King Baby helps Harley and Ivy escape in their sphere, not caring that this reality will be erased.
1435	Harley thanks King Baby after hearing his father always taught him about how great she was, and that she had untapped heroic potential.
1436	As of Season 4, Harley Quinn has fully capitalized on Harlivy to the point where it's been neglecting her other important relationships.
1437	More specifically, it's been downplaying how King Shark has been there for Harley from the start.
1438	Long before Ivy, King Shark was the one encouraging Harley, both through jokes and inspirational speeches on how she really could be something great.
1439	It's all due to the messages he seeded in Harley, which Ivy then brought to life full bloom.
1440	In other words, while Ivy harnessed the flower of Harley's evolution, King Shark was the person who laid that foundation.
1441	It's why Harley always got along with him, rather than bicker like she did with Doctor Psycho, Frank the Plant and Clayface.
1442	She found a lost, kindred spirit in King Shark, who was wandering because he didn't know who he was.
1443	Hearing about his father and Harley's ambitions of old have healed him, ensuring he'll sacrifice himself just to have something better come about.
1444	It's a masterclass in bridging generations and linking creative threads together, confirming friendship and love will always play a part in Harley's life outside of Ivy.
1445	Unfortunately, Harley Quinn Season 4 hasn't done much with King Shark.
1446	Jim Gordon is helping King Shark too, but this is the right time to have Harley reconnect with him and restart their friendship.
1447	She does need help to stop Joker, and to ensure the Natural Disasters (Ivy's mentees) and other villains don't go on a murder spree.
1448	Plus, with King Shark around as the show's spiritual core and the heart and soul of Harley's old support group, he can keep Ivy grounded.
1449	Ivy did grow an ego, turning a blind eye to Harley's pain after Nightwing was killed.
1450	He's stressing out with all his children now, but this paves the way for Harley to help with them, particularly the King Baby who saved her.
1451	Ultimately, this is an opportunity to close a time-loop, bring all these relationships full-circle and continue to add nuance to the people that uplifted Harley in the biggest way possible, especially with a King Shark who was the pioneer that showed her light.
1452	Now, Harley Quinn Season 4 now does its own take on this time-traveling concept.
1453	However, it has a much darker spin to it as Harley breaks the rules of space and time to address a personal problem of her own.
1454	In the process, it speaks to responsibility and how Harley may not be as cut out for the superhero life as she may have thought.
1455	"Harley steals a time-sphere in Episode 7, ""The Most Culturally Impactful Film Franchise of All Time,"" and uses it to jump to the future."
1456	She wants to speak with the older version of Harlivy, hoping to cure her love troubles with the current Poison Ivy.
1457	In Harley Quinn, the titular heroine is in a similar spot after the death of Nightwing.
1458	However, she moves forward, not backwards in time.
1459	Whereas Barry wanted to change his present by altering his past in Flashpoint, Harley just wants to forge a better future for herself by making better decisions in the present.
1460	To this end, Harley wants to talk to her future self, which doesn't seem like a catastrophic decision at first.
1461	When she and Ivy return to their timeline from 2048 after fighting their future daughter, Harley and Ivy find the present day in an apocalyptic state.
1462	Clearly, she'll have to turn on Lex and the Legion, which puts her in a tight spot since she has her mentees in the Natural Disasters.
1463	Additionally, the media and public adore Ivy now, but the plant queen knows this bit of ego has to be scrubbed if she's to protect the future.
1464	The problem is, Ivy doesn't know who she can trust outside of Harley, and who'll genuinely join the mission.
1465	As for Harley, she's in an equally bad spot.
1466	Harley has been sleepwalking and hallucinating, so her mental health is not in a good place for battle.
1467	Even in the present, all the worst possible scenarios are unfolding, leaving Harley and Ivy short of numbers.
1468	At least in Barry's case, he found allies, whether that'd be the Thomas Wayne Batman or -- per the live-action film -- another Barry, Michael Keaton's Dark Knight and Sashe Calle's Supergirl.
1469	One can only hope Harley Quinn's King Shark, or Jim Gordon are still around to help out.
1470	Harley is now incensed that their world isn't normal.
1471	She messed up the date to get back to, but most importantly, by jumping back and forth, she triggered a chain of events that created the entire bleak reality.
1472	She's very much to blame for messing with time, which may further indicate that Harley is not cut from the superhero cloth.
1473	While Ivy did contribute to the problem by traveling through time herself, it's still Harley's responsibility to fix as the person who made the decision to use the time sphere in the first place.
1474	As sympathetic as her motivations are, Harley's interference with her future walks back her progress.
1475	More specifically, Harley should've learned by now she can't use personal tragedies to become a catalyst for disaster.
1476	It's a skill she should have acquired from being with the Bat-family.
1477	Even before that, Harley did seem to become more selfless when she was surrounded by Clayface, King Shark and Co.
1478	It seems without Harley's support system or attention from Ivy, she goes off the rails.
1479	These circumstances have fans hoping Harley and Ivy can use the sphere, hop to the right timeline and then stop whatever Lex will unleash.
1480	Throughout Harley Quinn Season 4, it's evident the Harlivy relationship might not be destined for a happy ending, after all.
1481	Harley wants to be a hero, which isn't conducive to Ivy's job with the Legion of Doom.
1482	Harley and Ivy's different pursuits has caused a rift between the lovers that will take a lot of work to patch.
1483	"In Episode 7, ""The Most Culturally Impactful Film Franchise of All Time,"" Harley and Ivy travel forward into their respective future when Harley steals a time sphere from the Legion of Super Heroes."
1484	She wants to visit their older selves, hoping to get advice.
1485	She's upset Ivy doesn't care about Nightwing being killed, and isn't making time for Harley when she's at her most vulnerable.
1486	As a result, she needs help and words of wisdom on how to improve their relationship.
1487	Harley's ongoing problems have even led to her hallucinating and sleepwalking, so she wants advice from the most trusted source.
1488	To make matters more complicated, Harley and Ivy meet their daughter, Neytiri.
1489	While they're happy to meet her, they also quickly learn she's a brat who ends up hating them.
1490	She betrays the couple, turning them over to an adult Damian Wayne, who has become Harley Quinn's Dark Robin.
1491	Despite the jokes, it's a deep cut because Harley and Ivy can't believe their kid would backstab them like this.
1492	All the Harlivy relationship does is remind Neytiri about how her parents were selfish, self-obsessed failures, so she wants them removed from the equation.
1493	She's a dark reflection of a broken past and haunted future, but now the women know how they need to mend things.
1494	Ivy has experienced this with the Natural Disasters getting the attention she was supposed to give Harley, which is a source of their arguments.
1495	Harley, on the other hand, has seen the ripple effects harming her mental health.
1496	Not to mention, it's trickled down to the Bat-family as she's struggling to help a Batgirl who's gone dark as well.
1497	While she toned it down, Ivy's role with the Legion of Doom has kickstarted a series of problems building towards a monumental disaster.
1498	It's one of the rare instances in which Harley is not to blame either.
1499	She's only been trying to do the right thing, which hints that Harley may be better off without Ivy further down the line.
1500	Like Joker, Ivy loves control and her own sense of pride and reputation, which may deem her immiscible with Harley.
1501	Harley Quinn is all about growth and evolution, but while Harley is progressing in her character development, Ivy is regressing.
1502	Neytiri said as much, and even if the conditions and life variables change, it does feel like Harley and Ivy -- while they love each other -- might not fully be in love.
1503	Back in 1992, Harley Quinn made her first appearance in Batman: The Animated Series, with the character inspired by Sorkin specifically.
1504	With Sorkin also providing the original voice for Harley, she co-starred alongside Hamill as the voice of the Joker.
1505	After the trio helped establish Harley Quinn as a force in DC lore, the character would stick around on a permanent basis, branching out into other mediums.
1506	Tara Strong would later succeed Sorkin as the voice of Harley Quinn, and she was also among those paying tribute after the sad news.
1507	"Without this gorgeous, talented goddess, Harley Quinn would have never existed,"" Strong said on X."
1508	She was the inspiration & the heart & soul of this iconic character.
1509	As someone who directed Margot Robbie's incarnation of Harley Quinn in The Suicide Squad, Gunn certainly knows about the immense popularity of the character, praising Sorkin for helping to bring her to life back in the early 1990s.
1510	Rest in Peace, Arleen Sorkin, the incredibly talented original voice of Harley Quinn, who helped to create the character so many of us love.
1511	"He said, ""RIP Arleen Sorkin, the original voice of #HarleyQuinn."
1512	Arleen Sorkin, the acclaimed comedic actor who was both the direct inspiration for the creation of Harley Quinn, as well as the original voice of the iconic character, has passed away at the age of 67.
1513	In the early 1980s, she formed the comedy quartet, The High-Heeled Women, along with Mary Fulham, Tracey Berg, and Cassandra Danz.
1514	Her High-Heeled Women work eventually landed Sorkin a gig on the hit daytime soap opera, Days of Our Lives, where she played the wacky Calliope Jones.
1515	"Sorkin's inherent comedic abilities (and her over-the-top ""Noo-Yawk"" accent..okay, and the series of odd hats that she wore on the show) made Calliope stand out from the crowd."
1516	Somebody whom the Joker might get upset with if she got a better laugh than he did.
1517	Somehow Harley Quinn stuck because I was thinking of clowns, clown-like imagery and carnivals.
1518	In fact, it looked like a caricature of Arleen Sorkin, my good friend who plays Harley on the show and whom I wanted to do the voice.
1519	Here is Harley;s first appearance in the September 1992 episode...
1520	Since Harley was such a minor character in the episode, Sorkin's voice acting essentially created the character (Harley Quinn's real name, Harleen Quinzel, was also a reference to Sorkin), and obviously, the character quickly became a fan favorite.
1521	Sorking appeared as Harley in eight more episodes of the original Batman: The Animated Series, but continued as a constant presence in the DC Animated Universe for the next decade, with Sorkin voicing Harley in The New Batman Adventures, Superman: The Animated Series, Gotham Girls, Static Shock and Justice League.
1522	Sorkin also voiced Harley in a number of video games.
1523	The 2011 multiplayer online game, DC Universe Online, marked Sorkin's last performance as Harley before retiring from the role (Tara Strong took over Harley in video games and all-ages animated shows, with Kaley Cuoco performing the role of Harley in the R-rated Harley Quinn Max series).
1524	Sorkin's Batman: The Animated Series co-star, Mark Hamill (the Joker to her Harley Quinn) pair triubute to Sorkin on social media
1525	Harley Quinn joined the DCAU as a glorified minion with a unique design but she quickly became her own character.
1526	Shifting from villain to anti-hero to hero and everything in between, Harley's perpetually fluid but self-determined sense of self has become her defining characteristic.
1527	But that quietly flies in the face of her popularity, and what she's come to mean as a character.
1528	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn #2 (by Tini Howard, Hayden Sherman, Triona Farrell, and Steve Wands) highlights how much Harley Quinn's character has become about overcoming the preconceptions of others.
1529	Harley Quinn may be one of DC's modern pillars, but that doesn't mean she wants to be.
1530	Harley Quinn debuted over thirty years ago in Batman: The Animated Series as a minor character.
1531	"Introduced in ""Joker's Favor"" (Directed by Boyd Kirkland and Written by Paul Dini), Harley was initially just a unique minion working for The Joker."
1532	She quickly became a fan favorite, receiving more and more attention throughout the animated series.
1533	"This led to Harley making the leap to DC Comics' main continuity, first in the Elseworlds storyline Batman: Thrillkiller and then in the Post-Crisis DC Universe in the ""No Man's Land"" crossover."
1534	Since then, Harley has steadily become more and more popular.
1535	In the modern era, Harley has fully escaped the Joker's shadow, becoming a defining element of her in-universe character arc.
1536	Formerly under The Joker's thrall, Harley has become her own woman, defined more by her self-worth than anyone else.
1537	She ignores traditional love interests but Harley's embraced her romance with Poison Ivy as one of DC's most high-profile LGBTQ+ couples.
1538	She's become an ally to Batman and the rest of the Bat-Family but eschews the label that comes with it.
1539	Harley is her own person, and this evolution is a major element of the evolution that has steadily elevated the character over the last thirty years.
1540	But Knight Terrors has subverted it to showcase Harley's worst fears.
1541	For Harley, that means being confronted with the possibility that she may be a more important hero than she ever realized.
1542	The two-part story takes Harley across multiple realities, giving her vital roles to play in each of these timelines.
1543	Despite Harley's protests, she becomes increasingly important to their survival and finds herself stuck in a heroic lifestyle.
1544	It becomes quickly apparent that this isn't for Harley, as she's struggling with internal doubts and fears that she doesn't believe superheroes should be wrestling with.
1545	She doesn't want to be a superwoman, she just wants to be her own woman.
1546	As a result, Harley is important to the multiverse whether she likes it or not.
1547	Notably, this doesn't make Harley feel empowered or even emboldened.
1548	Instead, she's left struggling to grasp what this means for her, and how it'll impact her.
1549	Harley doesn't want to be a pillar of the DC Universe, even if she's become one.
1550	Harley has become increasingly important for DC in a number of ways.
1551	Since her introduction, Harley's meteoric popularity has shaped her into one of the publisher's most memorable faces.
1552	She's arguably one of the franchise's most popular characters, standing alongside Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman in terms of raw recognizability.
1553	She has her own animated TV show, plays important roles in video games, and appears in multiple comics every month.
1554	Harley has transformed from a minor figure living in the Joker's orbit into her own woman, defeating incredibly powerful villains with a smile.
1555	She's even (briefly) served in the Justice League, helping defend the entire universe.
1556	Harley has also become a metatextual hero who can serve as inspiration for people caught in toxic relationships.
1557	Harley's story arc cast her as a woman scorned by the one person she thought she needed.
1558	She goes on to find acceptance, growth, and love with people who actually recognize her strengths and share her desires.
1559	Harley is important today in ways she wasn't originally.
1560	But it makes perfect sense that, in-universe, Harley would reject all of that importance.
1561	Harley doesn't want to be anyone else's ideal, just her own person.
1562	That's a major undercurrent of her character growth across the last thirty years, especially after she escaped the Joker's influence.
1563	Harley isn't someone else's person, she's her own.
1564	But as Lady Quark says, Harley may not have a choice in the matter.
1565	On a universal and meta-textual level, Harley is important.
1566	She has to be a pillar for some people, whether it's her lovers in-universe or her fans in the real world.
1567	Harley is her own person, and that's an important lesson for others.
1568	But as Knight Terrors explores, Harley isn't necessarily at peace with the idea of fitting someone into else's perception of her.
1569	She'll always matter, though, even finding out that she matters is essentially her worst fear.
1570	In Harley Quinn Season 4, the Legion of Doom has tried hard to really break Gotham.
1571	Harley has been able to take out some of their members during her own redemption quest, while Poison Ivy did way more damage as an eco terrorist in Season 3.
1572	It's also why Lex hires Ivy to run the Legion, hoping she can turn his impulsive minions into something more.
1573	Harley Quinn Season 4 initially had Ivy ignoring her mentees: Terra, Tefé and Volcana.
1574	However, she realizes how toxic and invasive they are, opting to then hatch a plan with her squad.
1575	Ivy's influencing many minds, spreading her philosophy and image in a way that could leave Harley jealous.
1576	To start with, she's not paying Harley any attention lately.
1577	Furthermore, if Ivy is busy with her protégés, Harley will become even more enraged given how Ivy doesn't care about Nightwing being killed in Episode 5.
1578	The fact is Harley feeling desperate and desolate.
1579	In the process, Ivy's due to take on a new role as this den mother, leaving Harley wondering what she needs to do to fix Gotham, the public loving these villains, and her fraying love life.
1580	When it comes to the Harley Quinn cartoon, Harley has done a decent job of dealing with her problems.
1581	She cut ties with Joker and healed her trauma of old with the likes of Poison Ivy, Clayface and King Shark.
1582	Additionally, when she realized she had heroic potential, she joined the Bat-family.
1583	These developments allowed Harley to be more assertive, confident and intent on never being trapped in a toxic space again.
1584	Unfortunately, Season 4 is giving Harley issues that are far more complex than she anticipated, which is affecting her heart and her mind.
1585	Harley Quinn Season 4 has been slowly building Ivy's narcissism.
1586	The likes of Talia al Ghul and Steppenwolf stroked her ego, letting her know she's a talented and feminist boss.
1587	Ivy even started to pull away from Harley, which the latter chalked up to Ivy being busy at work.
1588	Sadly, the way Ivy is basking in Nightwing's death from Episode 5 has annoyed Harley.
1589	Ivy doesn't care how this death affects her lover -- she just wants the Legion of Doom to become more famous.
1590	It would sell more of her merchandise and show the world she's a genius CEO heroes should fear.
1591	Given Harley is now anti-villain and trying to solve the mystery, her anger is going to spill over soon.
1592	She can't stand how Ivy is ignoring her, soaking in the chaos and not addressing the fact the Bat-family is broken.
1593	This leaves Harley feeling isolated and depressed -- nodding to her time with Joker when she was a mere pawn, and not someone he paid true, genuine attention to.
1594	What complicates things further is how Harley is now hallucinating.
1595	Previously, she had been sleepwalking, trashing Bruce's home and Ivy's mansion.
1596	But at the end of this episode, Harley sees an evil version of herself loving what the Legion is doing.
1597	The doppelgänger winks, leaving Harley confused what this means.
1598	It may result in her trying to self-analyze if she's suppressing her dark side and true nature.
1599	Her psyche is clearly fractured, so she may even end up seeking psychic therapy with Doctor Psycho, a villain who has invaded people's minds in the past.
1600	He linked Harley to Batman's memories to help Bruce with his grief and repressed memories.
1601	That said, the intrigue is growing, causing Harley to be uncertain.
1602	It has fans wondering what state she'll be in to deal with Ivy's hubris, and if she'll be forced to heal away from someone as selfish as Ivy.
1603	Ivy has her own mentees with the Natural Disasters and little kids loving her style, so it feels like she won't care about Harley's drama.
1604	Ultimately, Ivy is becoming the person she hates most, which is the wedge that's alienating her lover.
1605	However, not even Harley could predict the toll this would have on her well-being, leaving viewers curious if the concept of romance, soulmates and true love will end this season.
1606	When Joker came to the foreground in Harley Quinn Season 4, he felt like he'd stay on his new path.
1607	She lashes out at the Legion of Doom, drinking and beating down a slew of villains.
1608	Barbara uses liquor the way Popeye uses Spinach, even hitting Harley.
1609	She can't stand the fact Harley won't chide Poison Ivy due to their romance, so she thinks she has to get her hands bloody.
1610	He doesn't want Barbara embarking on a path of vengeance for her friend, but she's not listening to anyone.
1611	However, she shuts down when Joker begins gloating about how he ended Nightwing.
1612	Sure, she and Dick weren't romantically involved, but they were close friends.
1613	Similarly, Harley Quinn's angry Batgirl is a force to be reckoned with.
1614	Once she sorts her out sorrows, it feels like she is indeed going to become this overly-violent vigilante.
1615	Harley Quinn Season 4, however, depicts a version of Barbara who isn't filled with this compassion or empathy.
1616	In the show, Barbara is depicted as younger, brasher and wants an eye for an eye.
1617	Barbara didn't grow up with Bruce, so she's not conditioned as much.
1618	She's frail, vulnerable and flawed, which is why it's easy to envision her losing control after being robbed of her best friend.
1619	He's been worried if the job could hurt his daughter, and if she engages in such a vendetta, it may well be the endgame.
1620	"Despite everyone's concerns, Batgirl will only be interested in vengeance, crafting a nuanced, relatable arc over someone she thinks was her ""real"" family."
1621	What's interesting is how Harley feels guilty as well.
1622	She doesn't mind Barbara punching her out, but she can tell this rift is going to last.
1623	Barbara wants no part of a Harley who won't bring down Ivy or the Legion.
1624	In fact, Harley's lax attitude is something Batgirl thinks emboldened the Legion, which is why the Joker may have felt comfortable being a villain again.
1625	This creates their own feud, as Harley will push tooth and nail to bring Batgirl back to the light.
1626	Even though Harley has spurned their friendship and bullied Barbara a bit, she does consider her a sister.
1627	Harley will want to show the faith and love Barbara gave her when she felt Harley had what it took to be a superhero.
1628	It's such a haunting irony that the catalyst for Harley completing her redemption is now hurt, suffering and balled up in the angst that Harley fled from.
1629	This can also result in Harley deciding to take the Joker out herself.
1630	In the case of Harley Quinn, the titular heroine may have to be proactive and make the big decision herself to save Barbara's soul.
1631	The problem is if Harley does cross the line to save her friend, it'll roll back her atonement and how she ultimately felt like killing was something she needed to do to remove Joker from her life.
1632	One thing fans have been hoping for in Harley Quinn Season 4 has been redemption for Jim Gordon.
1633	At the Legion HQ, she chides her father for being completely incompetent.
1634	He doesn't know her at all, so she doesn't want him pretending.
1635	It's admirable that he's trying, as he can tell she feels desolate in the wake of Nightwing's horrific death.
1636	If he wants to prove to Barbara he's not a disappointment, Harley Quinn Season 4 can pull from the Batman: Superheavy comic arc from Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo.
1637	Seeing as Jim knows Barbara is Batgirl in Harley Quinn, he can try to win her over or work with her by wielding this robotic armor and going about his nights as a vigilante.
1638	What Jim's role in Harley Quinn Season 4 does is add nuance to his and King Shark's future.
1639	When Season 4 of Harley Quinn began, fans were intrigued to see how Joker would continue his stint as Gotham City mayor.
1640	Harley Quinn revives Batman's deadliest villain, with Joker killing a groundskeeper and absolutely loving the chaos he excised from his life.
1641	As for Bethany, she wants Joker to murder a rude cashier at More for Lex, leading to her cackling just like how Joker would rattle off his signature howl.
1642	In the process, Harley realizes the monster is back, meaner than ever.
1643	Much to Harley's chagrin, not even the show's Poison Ivy will be interested in stopping him as she elevates her own career with the Legion.
1644	Harley may have to bring them to justice, or Barbara might actually go after them in retaliation.
1645	Harley Quinn's Damian Wayne has also been brought back to his mother, so there's no one besides Harley to help Barbara out, and she doesn't want assistance from Ivy's lover.
1646	He'll have to protect them, so once things go off the rails, a clown motivated by vengeance and taking these vendettas personally won't be the kind of Clown Prince of Crime Harley can handle alone.
1647	It's been seen with Harley and Punchline, for example, which is why they either turned on him or tried to break out his shadow.
1648	In Harley Quinn Season 4, Joker deeply loves his family, and it's all reciprocated, which is going to have him more energized than ever.
1649	Only time will tell if Harley can get Barbara back on track, if she can have Alfred escape prison and help out, or if Damian will return as Robin.
1650	She may even need the Dark Knight out of jail if things get too dicey.
1651	What is certain is that Joker is ready for a new brand of rampage, and ultimately, it's one that could undo everything Harley worked for as an aspiring hero in the absence of the Caped Crusader.
1652	Harley Quinn has poked affectionate -- and sometimes biting -- fun at the classic heroes and villains who populate the DC Universe.
1653	This means that Harley Quinn's romantic comedy and character development are often far more at the forefront than typical superhero action.
1654	"Icons Only"" sees Harley and newly-minted Legion of Doom CEO Ivy take a much-needed vacation to Las Vegas."
1655	Ivy and Harley have been ignoring his offers to come to see the show, but now find it impossible to get tickets in order appease him.
1656	Despite Harley's attempts to calm things down, it quickly breaks out into a brawl between the pair, showcasing how powerful both Poison Ivy and Clayface are.
1657	She's also able to turn the thorns on the plants into projectile weapons, embedding them into Clayface.
1658	Each time he rips them in half, she's able to use her control over plant life to restore them with ease.
1659	However, Clayface is just as tough -- he ignores all of her attacks, reconstructing his body around any and all damage she's able to inflict upon him.
1660	Instead, the newly heroic Harley is able to break up the battle and divert their attention elsewhere before the entire place is leveled.
1661	Harley Quinn's characters have very blunt and surprisingly down-to-earth motivations and desires, in keeping with the show's status as a comedy.
1662	This was previously best exemplified by Harley Quinn's version of Bane.
1663	He's easily offended, prone to dramatic outbursts and ultimately talked down by Harley commenting on how the fight is bringing wrinkles to his face.
1664	It's comedy with a greater sense of danger, which is a consistent strength of Harley Quinn and one of the reasons it's so successful.
1665	Harley Quinn Season 4 is now streaming on Max.
1666	Harleen Quinzel tried to change her origin multiple times in Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder #2 to free herself from the Joker’s influence.
1667	As most Harley fans know, the Joker played an integral role in her transformation.
1668	And, this fact has not escaped Harley -- or anyone.
1669	In Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder #2 (by Kelly Thompson, Annie Wu and Clayton Cowles), the titular antihero is at a bar, already in a bad mood due to the lack of umbrellas in her cocktail.
1670	Her mood only dropped when she overheard a group of men talking about her and her affiliation with the Joker.
1671	Furious, Harley confronted the men, and after she knocked them out she stormed off to see Poison Ivy kidnapping Zatanna along the way.
1672	When she arrived she vented to the two women about her night.
1673	She said that she wished she could have a different origin story, one that would remove her association with the Joker, which was why she kidnapped the magician.
1674	Harley demanded that Zatanna change her origin story in exchange for her release.
1675	Despite the protest of both women, Harley remained adamant about her request.
1676	She told Zatanna that she wanted Batman's origin story instead of her own and she obliged.
1677	Harley walked back into the bar as Batman.
1678	At first, she was pleased because everyone no one would look at her.
1679	She took this as a compliment and assumed that the people inside were all cowering in fear.
1680	"However, this newfound confidence was short-lived as one thug said that while she was intimidating the Clown Prince of Crime ""gets her goat."
1681	Another man chimed in and theorized that she would be nothing without the Joker.
1682	Batman Harley caused a scene and ran back to Poison Ivy and Zatanna.
1683	She demanded several other heroes' origins (Superman, Aquaman and Wonder Woman) but the Joker was a big part of her life regardless of who she was.
1684	This left Harley sad and defeated as she finally accepted the fact that the Joker will always be a part of her.
1685	They told her that the only person's opinion about her that should matter is her own and how much she has changed, showing her that her legacy did escape from the Joker's grasp.
1686	Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder #2 is on sale now from DC Comics.
1687	A major aspect of Harley Quinn Season 4 has been Poison Ivy's new journey.
1688	She's been struggling to balance her personal and professional lives.
1689	In this case, Ivy is trying to make the relationship work with Harley, but things are complicated given Harley is trying to be a hero with the Bat-family.
1690	Fortunately for Ivy, she's been getting some solid advice from Talia al Ghul.
1691	However, every time Ivy tries to steady the ship, she gets caught up in a narcissistic storm.
1692	She was a Deathstroke mole in the comics, but here, she wants to pull off terrorist acts with her inexperienced friends.
1693	She becomes a celebrity for her Legion work, leaving the Natural Disasters unattended.
1694	Should Ivy find herself in conflict with these juniors in Harley Quinn Season 4, it would be a solid lesson in transparency, responsibility and repercussions, reminding Ivy how important it is to keep the next generation on track.
1695	It hints at a generational clash, but also, class warfare as the Natural Disasters don't like Ivy flaunting how elite she is -- not when she's ruining their careers.
1696	Sure, it would be fun seeing Harley dealing with her celebrity girlfriend.
1697	But an Ivy who's inadvertently making bitter, unhinged criminals is way more nuanced, as it would impact Harley's job as well.
1698	With Nightwing being killed, Harley's crew is weakened, so she wouldn't like that Ivy's mentees are going out there to prove a point by causing mass chaos and further complicating her vigilante life.
1699	Surely, after despising Lex's hubris, she wouldn't want to be a hypocrite and become the very monster she chided.
1700	This offers Ivy something deeper which she'll hopefully overcome soon.
1701	Harley Quinn is fed up with being linked to the Joker while Superman and the GCPD are on the hunt for a Riddler copycat in DC's new comics this week.
1702	In Harley Quin Black + White + Redder #2 the titular character was sitting at a bar berating the bartender.
1703	Then, she overheard a few men talking about her -- and she was not happy.
1704	The group was discussing how Harley was violent but they couldn't take her seriously.
1705	What angered Harley the most was when the men said that she would always be overshadowed by the Joker and proceeded to discuss her relationship with him.
1706	Harley knocked the men out and stormed off to Poison Ivy's and a tied up Zatana.
1707	She vented about how she hated her origin because of the Joker's role in it.
1708	She didn't just want to change her origin, she wanted to steal Batman's.
1709	And, Zatana granted her wish, which gave Harleen Quinzel the Dark Knight's infamous story.
1710	Harley Quinn Season 4 has more or less declared open war on the patriarchy, with every privileged white man from Lex Luthor to Alfred Pennyworth lining up to take their lumps.
1711	Jim Gordon has been left out of it until now, and as one of Harley Quinn's biggest punching bags, his presence has been missed.
1712	"Season 4, Episode 5, ""Getting Ice Dick, Don't Wait Up,"" brings him roaring back, and as usual with Harley Quinn, it finds a deeply embedded canon characteristic to plaster him with."
1713	Whatever his accomplishments as a cop, his family life pays a grievous price, and when he's as utterly off the chain as he is in Harley Quinn, that's going to bite him hard.
1714	Harley Quinn simply takes that equation and adds a further dose of reality: namely that anyone subjected to the kinds of pressures offered by Batman's rogues gallery is going to suffer a wholesale emotional collapse.
1715	The man is too far gone for any kind of last-minute reprieve, especially from Harley Quinn.
1716	Naturally, he answers his cell phone at the first ring -- it's Nora Freeze asking if he wants a low-pay rent-a-cop job at the Legion of Doom headquarters -- and immediately rushes off to his new position.
1717	Harley Quinn makes him own it -- yet again -- in the most humiliating way possible.
1718	It's generally presumed that if a supervillain, bent on world domination or the destruction of humanity, is willing to take on the greatest superpowered heroes, he or she is also in possession of superhuman abilities, but that's not always the case.
1719	Eventually, he finds a home as a henchman often tasked with trying to kill Frank Castle, aka The Punisher.
1720	In the comic books, he is defeated by a piping hot pizza, and in the 2004 film, The Punisher, he is taken out by a scalding pot of water at the end of one of the most comically brutal fight scenes ever.
1721	The glass ceiling of the all-boys supervillains without superpowers club was shattered when psychologist, Dr. Harleen Quinzel, helped The Joker escape Arkham Asylum and became Harley Quinn.
1722	Originally a sidekick and love interest, Harley Quinn was kicked out of the gang for upstaging The Joker and became a strong independent villain on her own.
1723	Harley Quinn is a skilled gymnast, top-level martial artist, and master of comic weapons like projectile boxing gloves and oversized mallets, as well as being the proud owner of a pair of hyenas.
1724	Suicide Squad is about Harley Quinn's dysfunctional relationship with The Joker, and in Birds of Prey, Harley deals with their breakup, but by The Suicide Squad, she is in a good enough place to poke a hole in Starro the Conqueror's eye.
1725	Harley Quinn has become a major hero since leaving the Joker.
1726	While it wasn't immediate - she had her stint with the Suicide Squad and was looked at with suspicion for a time - she's since proven herself to the greatest heroes on the planet.
1727	She's even joined the Bat-Family.
1728	Harley's fighting style is all about movement and her madcap imagination.
1729	She'd probably not going to like the color scheme very much, but she would appreciate the added strength and power it gave her.
1730	She then became Oracle, helping lead the Birds of Prey and becoming the info source for the entire superhero community.
1731	She would eventually regain the use of her legs and since then has became Batgirl again, recently working with Nightwing in Blüdhaven.
1732	She could use it to tap into the Internet and hack computer systems remotely, as it grants its wearer the power of mechanokinesis.
1733	This eventually led him to the magic side of things, and she became a member of magical teams like the Shadowpact and the Justice League Dark.
1734	When it comes to death in the Harley Quinn cartoon, there hasn't really been that much on the heroic side.
1735	It's mostly the villains who have been killed off, as seen with Harley killing tyrants like Professor Pyg.
1736	It makes sense that the show wants to capitalize on heroes as much as possible, allowing a contrast to Harley as this vagabond vigilante who keeps crossing virtuous lines.
1737	And make no mistake, it's a tragic one that comes at the worst possible time for Harley Quinn's Bat-family.
1738	The episode pivots on Dick Grayson (aka Nightwing) chiding Harley over her ways.
1739	He doesn't think she'll ever fit into their crew, despite Batman and Batgirl vouching for her.
1740	Dick even craps on her friendship bracelets, ignoring the fact she took eye surgery to improve her vision and be better for the team.
1741	Shockingly, when Harley and Barbara chill at a snowy cottage, they see Dick in a tree, wearing the bracelet.
1742	It kicks off a mystery that'll surely need Harley to lead the investigation, positioning her as a detective just like the Dark Knight.
1743	Admittedly, Nightwing has been a jerk to Harley, but he didn't deserve such a gruesome fate, as all he wanted was to properly protect Gotham with Bruce in jail.
1744	Alfred's in prison as well, so Harley won't have the allies she needs to prove to the Caped Crusader she could fill his shoes.
1745	What could upend the team even more is if they start to think Harley's a suspect.
1746	Harley's been sleep-walking, sabotaging the team, and repressing memories.
1747	She starts to wonder if it's a by-product of her pushing her villainous side down even more, all while Poison Ivy works on terrorists schemes with Talia, Steppenworld and Lex Luthor.
1748	He did think Barbara was kidnapped, after all, so it'd make sense he tracked them there, only for Dark Harley to kill him.
1749	Most of all, if Harley is indeed the killer, one has to wonder how Ivy will react, if she'll beckon Harley to join her, and how Harley will cope with the guilt and sins.
1750	That said, Harley has a tough job ahead.
1751	Whether she's the killer or not, she needs to solve the puzzle and give the Bat-family closure over losing such a trusted leader.
1752	Ultimately, one can only hope Season 4 doesn't make Harley this unwitting villain, because it'd certainly hurt the redemption she sought for so long.
1753	Harley Quinn Season 4 has leaned heavily into the Bat-family.
1754	Luckily, they have Harley to back them up, although she's rough around the edges and still into killing villains like Professor Pyg.
1755	That said, it increases the comedy factor of the show, allowing Harley to bond more with Batgirl and make fun of Nightwing.
1756	While Nightwing and Harley argue a lot, and Batgirl and Harley forge their sisterhood, Damian doesn't get much screentime.
1757	He chimes in for a few lines here and there, ears popped up when Harley curses.
1758	Given that Bruce is out, Talia slipping in to fill the gap and educate Damian on his history and destiny would really make him feel like a wholesome, fleshed-out member of the al Ghul family legacy.
1759	Apart from not fleshing out Damian's character, Harley Quinn Season 4 is squandering Damian's potential as a Dark Robin.
1760	He could lose his way with Harley, who'd be a hilarious bad influence as he adopts her profane, bat-swinging ways.
1761	The show already had him wanting to know more about sex, which is just a sample of the chaos Harley could cause as his guardian.
1762	This way, she could truly turn the Wayne legacy into the al Ghul legacy.
1763	It would feel organic to the narrative as well because Harley has gone through this phase, as has Poison Ivy as an eco-terrorist.
1764	Ultimately, it would give Harley another heroic arc once she's not the catalyst.
1765	In the process, she could redeem Damian, prove she really is someone Bruce could place his faith in and show Nightwing and Barbara she does have leadership traits like Batman
1766	Lex Luthor hasn't played a huge role in Harley Quinn thus far, though thanks to actor Giancarlo Esposito and some sharp writing, he's invariably a scene-stealer.
1767	Harley Quinn reimagines him as a feckless CEO, overseeing hordes of supervillains enacting corporate-approved mayhem.
1768	Superman -- his perennial nemesis who retains a similarly peripheral role in the Bat-friendly Harley Quinn -- is still eating into his soul in ways that no doomsday weapon or global blackmail can fix.
1769	Harley Quinn finds a brilliant comedic twist by essentially making him the CEO of supervillains.
1770	Until recently, however, Harley Quinn's Lex Luthor hasn't focused much on Superman, staying firmly in the realm of intra-villain entanglements.
1771	It's becoming unseemly in the Harley Quinn universe, and the show uses the golden opportunity to smash another pie in his face.
1772	Snowflame is a lesser known character from the DC Universe in the comic books, but he's still one of the most infamous characters that the publisher has ever had.
1773	There, his previous death was retconned as being faked, though it didn't keep him from being beaten by Catwoman when she allied herself with a tropical cat god.
1774	That was finally changed with Season 4 of the animated series Harley Quinn, which is known for being excessively vulgar and edgy.
1775	Still, his appearance on Harley Quinn already paved the road to his next appearance with white powder, and making him a hilarious part of a much bigger DC project could turn the villain into someone whose popularity knows no bounds.
1776	When Harley Quinn began unraveling all the sins in Gotham, it became clear the vigilantes around needed to look deeper than the Batman-rogues or petty criminals.
1777	It led to Bruce Wayne eventually going to jail for tax evasion, which is why Harley is now with the Bat-family, trying to keep the city safe.
1778	However, Harley Quinn Season 4 is continuing its plot thread on the wealthy elite, how they don't live like the common people, and how they're huge cogs in the corrupt corporate machine.
1779	Harley Quinn is not pulling any punches at all, whether it's on the heroic or villainous side.
1780	In the process, the show adds to its anarchist edge and reminds fans why Poison Ivy and Harley hated mankind in the past.
1781	Harley Quinn follows suit on the grandiose nature of billionaires by depicting Bruce Wayne working as a DJ while imprisoned.
1782	This also makes a point about how the rich don't suffer like everyone else does, and in the satirical world of Harley Quinn, Bruce's privilege as a white man is indeed a superpower.
1783	While Giancarlo Esposito's Lex Luthor initially came off like an ally by hiring Ivy as the Legion of Doom's CEO, she learns how depraved he truly is.
1784	She's a token hire, all while he steals her credit and plots sinister projects that seem clean, but will actually have a harmful effect down the line.
1785	This is why Ivy realizes that the powerful men she's associating with will always prioritize self-interest rather than doing the right thing.
1786	It leaves fans wondering if Ivy will restart her apocalyptic vision from Season 3 to purge these elites, and just how much a redemption-seeking Harley can rein her back in.
1787	Harley may not condone it, but Ivy drives a hard bargain via principles viewers may well relate to, leaving them possibly backing the plant queen.
1788	Harley Quinn remains as silly as ever, bringing a vulgar but earnest sense of humor to the world of DC's heroes and villains.
1789	At its heart, it's an emotionally resonant show about Harley and her best friend-turned-romantic partner Poison Ivy as they navigate a bizarre and often unpredictable world together.
1790	"Desperate for a little R&R during their trip to Las Vegas in Season 4's ""Icons Only"" (directed by Michael Moloney and written by Sarah Nevada Smith), Harley ends up creating an obvious secret identity as Hargret."
1791	"Icons Only"" focuses largely Harley and Ivy's vacation to a villain-based resort in Las Vegas."
1792	Ivy is welcomed with open arms, but Harley is somewhat uncomfortable due to her status as a heroic member of the Bat-Family.
1793	Desperate to avoid telling Ivy about her plans to move in with the team, Harley's efforts to fully relax largely fail until she realizes that superheroes escape their public personas by embracing secret identities.
1794	"Harley adopts the identity of ""Hargret,"" barely disguising herself with a pink wig and one of Ivy's bras."
1795	The plan is a success -- with Ivy and Harley quickly throwing themselves into the situation with little care for consequences.
1796	But a throwaway compliment by Ivy about wishing Hargret could come back to Gotham leaves Harley uneasy.
1797	By the end of the episode, Harley has worked to prevent Ivy from lashing out too harshly at Clayface due to the danger it posed to innocent civilians, introducing some unexpected conflict into their vacation.
1798	The question leaves Harley shaken, but the two are able to patch things up by making fun of King Shark's children.
1799	Harley Quinn's entertaining Season 4 has been largely rooted in two major storylines: Ivy's ascension to the CEO of the Legion of Doom, and Harley's efforts to be a hero as a member of the Bat-Family.
1800	Harley's efforts to stick closer to the Bat-Family's morals have frequently angered Ivy.
1801	Meanwhile, Ivy's cavalier approach to civilian safety has left Harley more guilty and prone to sudden heroics.
1802	Hargret just brought this conflict to the forefront by allowing Harley to briefly resume her more carefree personality from earlier seasons.
1803	Ivy's preference for a Harley who's having fun over a Harley who's mindful of their actions reintroduces genuine tension between the two.
1804	Notably, Ivy and Harley don't explode at each other over the issue -- and the episode ends with Ivy accepting Harley's decision to move in with the heroes.
1805	Hargret highlights just how much Harley has had to change over the course of Harley Quinn.
1806	Ivy and Harley have found happiness together, and proven that they're willing to fight to maintain it.
1807	When Harley Quinn Season 4 was announced, fans assumed they'd be seeing Harley in all her crime-fighting glory with Bruce Wayne's charges.
1808	Still, Harley and the Bat-family felt that they'd remain autonomous from Talia's wrath.
1809	Apart from Harley and her iconic bat, it's a cheeky riff on how money really is the superpower of this pack.
1810	Harley tries to re-train the Bat-family, as Alfred also went to jail.
1811	Harley saves the day, but once more, she has to figure out a way to get them back up to scratch.
1812	Without numbers, Harley won't be able to protect Gotham.
1813	Harley is seen on camera sabotaging the place while everyone's asleep.
1814	However, it seems that Harley is a saboteur.
1815	At first glance, it appears Harley is sleepwalking.
1816	Therefore, the show can address if she's stressed, if she needs therapy, and if this is the right time to be a vigilante.
1817	She's trying hard to make Harlivy work, despite Poison Ivy now being in the Legion.
1818	It would be an intriguing way to bring Doctor Psycho back, because he wouldn't like Harley working for Batman's team.
1819	The sad thing is, given Ivy's busy with villainous work, Harley doesn't have her support system.
1820	Her old crew is splintered, and she has no one at present to lean on.
1821	Ultimately, it creates a world where Harley is mentally and physically ill-equipped for her job as a leader, leaving audiences curious how she'll adapt and fix these glaring issues in her personal and professional lives.
1822	Throughout Season 4 of Harley Quinn, it's clear that as much as the Harlivy relationship will try to keep going, forces are pulling them apart.
1823	Harley is busy trying to reform with the Bat-family, while Poison Ivy is growing in confidence as Lex Luthor's CEO.
1824	In Ivy's case, she has to deal with a toxic Legion of Doom, but she's become more intimidating, reminding them who's the boss when Lex isn't around.
1825	Season 4 of Harley Quinn has Lex Luthor hosting a convention for villains on the moon.
1826	In Harley Quinn, the Apokoliptian general is more of an angel investor, looking for devious projects.
1827	Ivy buys in because she hates how Lex steals her ideas, doesn't credit her, and comes off as controlling as the Joker with Harley.
1828	As an irate Lex destroys the base, Ivy heads off with Steppenwolf, happy she has another gay icon to relate to and work with.
1829	It's why she'd never partner with the Bat-family, as she wants to commit crimes to fix the planet.
1830	Harley Quinn's Talia al Ghul is also seen here sticking it to Lex, pushing Ivy towards a new coalition.
1831	The latter knows Ivy's potential to be a supervillain after she turned into a plant goddess and almost destroyed Gotham in Season 3.
1832	Sadly, Harley Quinn's Bat-family has lost funding and is not equipped for this kind of war on a mental or physical level.
1833	It could leave Ivy choosing between love and a chance to possibly become Earth's most powerful villain, shutting everyone up who felt she'd always remain the underdog.
1834	A major aspect of the Harley Quinn cartoon has been redemption.
1835	After suffering years of toxic emotional abuse, Harley tried to heal, which led to her eventually joining the Bat Family.
1836	She's eager to atone for her sins, even the ones committed when she formed her own crew with Doctor Psycho and the rest.
1837	It's no easy feat, though, as Season 4 kicks off with Harley murdering Professor Pyg.
1838	Still, she's trying to find the light again -- something fellow villains like Clayface and King Shark are doing, too.
1839	Harley Quinn's villain convention, Malcon, is the straw that breaks the camel's back.
1840	Harley doesn't have her support system anymore, as all her friends are busy or at each other's throats.
1841	What's worth noting is that Nightwing, Batgirl and Robin are struggling after Harley Quinn's Talia al Ghul took their money and arsenal away.
1842	Harley's tried to re-train her allies, which didn't go well.
1843	She does want to stick it to Lex, pulling strings to tempt Ivy over.
1844	Even if Ivy doesn't join, Joker and Talia alone will be more than enough to leave Harley stressed out.
1845	And with no Dark Knight around, Joker is well poised to resume his bloody mission to break Gotham and prove to Harley she shouldn't have betrayed him.
1846	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn is one of the best Knight Terrors stories so far.
1847	Written by Tini Howard, drawn by Hayden Sherman, colored by Triona Farrell, and lettered by Steve Wands, Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn sees Harley Quinn enter what many would assume would be her worst nightmare; however, she's faced her demons many times before, so Harley and Insomnia must now uncover what Harley's new nightmare is.
1848	Howard's script highlights her love for Harley Quinn and shows how much she understands what makes Harley tick.
1849	Given her history, being trapped in her own nightmare is not as much of a challenge for Harley as it may be for other villains.
1850	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn expertly displays how brilliant, self-aware, and clever Harley is, even in her more comedic moments.
1851	Harley has faced her demons before.
1852	It's time for a new terror to haunt Harley that isn't the Joker, and Howard acknowledges that in Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn.
1853	It's one of the more subversive moments that sets up a solid transition into what Harley's new nightmare can be.
1854	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn also feels more connected to Harley's main comic series than other Knight Terrors titles, as it still loops back around to how Harley is dealing with the weight of the multiverse.
1855	This sets up some fun scenarios where readers see Harley in unique, alternate realities.
1856	It's fun to put Harley in wild scenarios, especially with an artist like Sherman on board.
1857	There is a whimsy to Sherman's work, which compliments the character, the multiverse, and Insomnia's dream world.
1858	Sherman leaves no stone unturned.
1859	From the immense detail incorporated into the numerous costumes and set pieces to the many Easter eggs hidden throughout Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn, readers will want to take their time admiring Sherman's work.
1860	Even the paneling is gorgeous, breaking away from traditional panels in a successful attempt to hammer home how this world and Harley herself are non-conventional and unpredictable.
1861	Teaming up with Sherman to take the art to another level is colorist Triona Farrell.
1862	She uses contrasting colors to draw focus to the main characters.
1863	Harley, often in red, stands out against cooler color backgrounds, making her the focus of every panel.
1864	His work brings clarity to Sherman's layouts, giving the artist more room to play without alienating the reader or distracting from Howard's compelling script.
1865	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn understands the brilliance and fun of the character and uncovers her previously undiscovered phobias.
1866	It is a must-read for Harley fans.
1867	This nightmare also highlights what makes Joker's Harley Quinn counterpart stand out so much, considering he's found genuine happiness and purpose as a romantic partner and father.
1868	Like the Joker, she has pale white skin and a quick grin, but she seems at peace with her situation.
1869	In Max's Harley Quinn series, the Joker was initially a major villain and Harley's vengeful ex-boyfriend.
1870	Even after being restored by Harley, the Joker remained committed to Bethany and became a father figure for her children, Sophia and Benicio.
1871	The fact such an eventuality is the primary Joker's worst fear makes the Harley Quinn version of the Joker even more tragic and unique in the multiverse.
1872	Harley Quinn's Joker proves that the Joker's worst nightmare shouldn't be a family, since it could actually calm him down and humanize him in some surprising ways.
1873	In Harley Quinn Season 4, Harley is faced with her biggest emotional crisis yet.
1874	Physically, she's firing on all cylinders and feeling anxious to stop crimes with the Bat-family.
1875	Unfortunately, Harley isn't mentally ready to make the jump into her new career officially.
1876	She just doesn't understand Batman's no-kill policy, plus her character is clashing with Nightwing's personality.
1877	Her professional life aside, Harley's personal drama is getting more complicated by the minute.
1878	That's because Poison Ivy is doing the very thing Harley is fighting against: being a terrorist with the toxic Legion of Doom.
1879	Unfortunately, Harley won't have her support system at hand to help out like they did in past seasons, teasing more trouble to come.
1880	Harley is trying hard to fit into the Bat-family now that Bruce is in jail.
1881	But after murdering the show's Professor Pyg, she's clearly struggling.
1882	She even loses her mentor and Batman's most trusted ally, as Alfred ends up in prison.
1883	Sadly, Harley's crew is split up, not offering that sense of camaraderie and that ear to listen to like the days of old.
1884	Frank is helping Ivy with the Legion, so Harley can't lean on him for advice.
1885	Clayface later comes to blows with Ivy and Harley at one of Lex Luthor's hotels, hating how they didn't support him as a celebrity.
1886	Throw in Doctor Psycho being cut since last season for being too deranged, Harley doesn't have the bedrock that healed her in the past.
1887	She's always been able to hash out ethical and moral dilemmas with them.
1888	But she'll have to go through this crisis of conscience, and if this superhero life is her destiny, she'll have to go at it alone.
1889	Many would say Harley could lean on Ivy, which is a norm in the Harlivy relationship.
1890	In the past, Ivy was objective, helping Harley to find the light within.
1891	This aided Harley in moving away from Joker's toxic masculinity.
1892	But in Season 3, Ivy became too violent, which is something Harley had to help her control.
1893	As such, Ivy's the very darkness Harley is running from.
1894	Throw in how unstable the Bat-family is with Talia al Ghul arriving and seizing control, every dynamic around Harley is filled with chaos and uncertainty.
1895	Ironically, Talia is also corrupting Ivy, tempting her over, which could reduce the chances of Harley and Ivy dedicating time to work on their goals, dreams and ambitions.
1896	Harley is missing the gatherings her team had in the past that could offer up clarity and direction.
1897	With this support system gone, Harley may retreat into her shell and relive her worst nightmare again: being alone.
1898	It does set up an enticing notion that she'll visit Bruce for advice about love and the job.
1899	But until that happens, as much as she's making it work with everyone, Harley is faking it and stifling a lot of emotions and truths down.
1900	Ultimately, when Harley explodes, it won't bode well for those around, and also, for her own mental health.
1901	The first three episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 are now available on Max.
1902	After retiring to start a family, Punch wants to return to crime and convinces Jewelee to join him even though she protests and wants to stay with their son.
1903	This is part of the reason fans love seeing Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy as a couple.
1904	Seeing them flirt and become more connected had fans wondering why Harley and Ivy hadn't been together from the start.
1905	Harley wants to be a hero, but Poison Ivy can't make the change.
1906	Starting in the Silver Age of comics, Green Arrow expressed his feelings for Black Canary, and when she realized she felt the same, the couple started a whirlwind romance.
1907	Wally never asks Linda to change for him, as she has no powers, indicating they don't need to work together to be great partners.
1908	One of the major shocks of the charming, vulgar Harley Quinn Season 3 came with Bruce Wayne being arrested.
1909	Harley eventually joined the crew with Bruce's blessing, forging the main arc of Harley Quinn Season 4.
1910	She's trying to acclimate to their style, especially their no-kill policy.
1911	However, as Harley continues her wild antics, the series ends up breaking the Dark Knight's most trusted ally, leaving the Bat-family short of their anchor.
1912	Alfred decides to train Harley, akin to Mr. Miyagi in The Karate Kid.
1913	He wants to instill discipline, respect and compassion in her, sensing she could still be corrupted by her Harlivy relationship.
1914	Shockingly, Harley finds Alfred robbing a bank, claiming he's broke after losing funds due to Bruce's imprisonment.
1915	But this provides Alfred a major glow-up in terms of his own arc away from Harley Quinn's Bat-family.
1916	To see where Alfred's arc goes this season, the first three episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 are available on Max.
1917	In the first three episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4, Harley and Poison Ivy encounter quite a few issues on the job.
1918	Harley is struggling to handle Batman's no-murder policy.
1919	Talia al Ghul hasn't been a big part of the narrative before, but make no mistake: she's got a massive arc to come.
1920	In the process, Talia could end up changing Harley Quinn's Bat-family forever, as well as Ivy's role down the line.
1921	She arrives in Gotham with a fury, rearranging Wayne Enterprises and many other business deals to suit her own schemes and wars.
1922	Notably, she cuts funding to the Bat-family, making it clear the vigilantes' approval for weapons and resources have to go through her.
1923	Funnily enough, while Talia deals with Bruce's company, she's not handling motherhood well.
1924	She has no clue how to take care of the hot-headed Damian, which could see this Robin go off the rails.
1925	She also fires Alfred, which ends with him in jail, too.
1926	As such, Harley has no mentor, which has the potential to cause her to become more chaotic as she fights crime.
1927	Interestingly, seeing as Talia's very self-serving, it may be she's sabotaging the crew, hoping to get Harley Quinn's Nightwing and Batgirl out of the picture as well.
1928	The second big reason Talia could cause a seismic shift in the charming, vulgar Harley Quinn narrative revolves around Ivy.
1929	The flower queen bonds with her at a meeting, realizing Talia is the kind of feminist, badass boss she wants to be.
1930	She's impressed, making it clear they need to spend time together, honing their ambitions, empowerment movement, and whatnot.
1931	Should Harley actually move away from the violence, a Talia-driven Ivy may cause trouble for their Harlivy relationship.
1932	Ivy tends to go extreme, after all, as seen when she tried to destroy Gotham last season.
1933	Despite attempting to heal, she's still fragile and vulnerable, so Talia could tip her over the edge into monster mode.
1934	It'd be quite ironic that Batman made Harley better, but his beloved Talia pushes Ivy back into the darkness Harley pulled her away from.
1935	To see what Talia is up to, The first three episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 are now available on Max.
1936	The Harley Quinn cartoon has strongly leaned a lot into toxic masculinity over the years.
1937	He realized how manipulative he was, which was why Harley grew to appreciate the love Poison Ivy offered.
1938	Sadly, as the show resumes, Ivy has been placed into a hostile workplace environment, leaving her with an uphill battle against the very thing she rescued Harley from.
1939	Season 4 of Harley Quinn kicks off with Lex Luthor giving Ivy a big role as his CEO.
1940	They bully Ivy and harass her, to the point they make jibes she's only a woman of influence because she's sleeping with the boss.
1941	It's patriarchy all over again, infuriating Ivy and reminding her why she tried to destroy Gotham in Season 3.
1942	She tries to be diplomatic, but she has to make a stand.
1943	Her group has other women like Nora Fries and Volcana, so she wants to set an example.
1944	Some are cowering in fear after her intimidating showing in the boardroom, but the show hints it's not a one-off, and that she'll reach a breaking point again.
1945	She's already forcing villains to follow her eco-plans, trying to manage a disobedient Nora, and stressing out with Harley being a hero who's trying to get her to snitch.
1946	Whether it's an iron fist or forked tongue, the show is teasing a more cunning, violent Pamela Isley, which may test her soulmate bond with Harley and Harley Quinn's Bat-family in due time.
1947	As Season 4 of Harley Quinn kicks off, Kaley Cuoco's titular character underestimates what it takes to be in the Bat-family.
1948	But Harley just doesn't mesh with the team as naturally as she hoped.
1949	She's annoyed by Batgirl, plus she has to tiptoe around her profanity and wild behavior because, well, Damian's just a kid.
1950	On top of that, Harley Quinn's take on Nightwing can't stand her immature ways, making it seem like she doesn't belong.
1951	Ironically, thanks to Dick Grayson's firm derrière, fans realize she has an all-too-familiar problem that could end with her being kicked out of the club.
1952	In the Season 4 premiere, Harley discovers someone's kidnapping attractive people around Gotham and cutting them up.
1953	Following Nightwing being celebrated for his butt, she capitalizes on his fame.
1954	She fakes a photo shoot, hoping to lure the villain in and trap them.
1955	However, Harley continues to play detective after the failed modeling session, which leads to them tracking Pyg down before he can cut Dick's butt off and place it on one of his dolls.
1956	Thankfully, they rescue Nightwing, only for Harley to come unhinged and smash Pyg to death with her signature bat.
1957	Harley Quinn's Bat-family is left stunned, chiding Harley because she's breaking their no-kill policy.
1958	She can't even feign ignorance because they leave notes all over the Bat-cave not to cross this line.
1959	Bruce had this talk with Harley in the past, reminding her to eliminate this toxic behavior because killing is something Joker would do.
1960	Harley does temper her rage a bit under Alfred, but in time, he gets taken to jail as he wants to reunite with Bruce.
1961	This is indeed bittersweet because, clearly, Harley can cut it with the team.
1962	She's brilliant in the field, deduces clues at the drop of a hat, and can strategize on the fly.
1963	But Nightwing won't want her around if she's unstable on duty.
1964	Batgirl is impressionable, too, and did get corrupted a bit by Harley last season, so to save her and Robin, Dick may try to get Harley booted in due time.
1965	She loves killing, so if she thinks Harley's chaos works, then all the redemption work Harley did will go down the drain.
1966	It'd leave her feeling like a hypocrite as well, as she preached to Pamela that she could be the heroic one in their Harlivy relationship.
1967	Ultimately, Harley Quinn is once more going to test the jester, leaving fans hoping she can scrub this darkness from her soul and be the person Batman knew she could be.
1968	To see if Harley can adjust to her new team, the first three episodes of Harley Quinn Season 4 are now available on Max.
1969	During the recent San Diego Comic-Con, Harley Quinn producer Ian Hamilton addressed Harley and Poison Ivy’s relationship status in the upcoming Season 4.
1970	Harley Quinn fans last saw the power couple during the Season 3 finale, where they realized that they no longer want the same thing in terms of their career.
1971	Speaking with Screen Rant, Hamilton assured fans that Harlivy’s relationship will remain strong throughout the course of Harley Quinn Season 4, despite pursuing different careers.
1972	"I think the thing that everybody loves about Harley and Ivy is how much they love each other,"" he explained."
1973	In a previous interview, Harley Quinn Season 4 showrunner Sarah Peters confirmed that Harlivy will be entering a new phase in their relationship, with the titular anti-hero joining the Bat Family, while Ivy becomes the new leader of The Legion of Doom.
1974	Like Harlivy, Harley Quinn Season 4 will also see The Bat Family going through some changes after Mayor Joker ironically arrested Bruce Wayne for accidentally causing a zombie apocalypse in Gotham.
1975	The team also welcomes a new member in the form of Harley Quinn, who is expected to put Nightwing, Batgirl, and Robin in “a lot of comedic situations,” as she struggles to become a hero due to her violent ways.
1976	As for Bruce Wayne, after Harley helped him deal with his childhood trauma, The Dark Knight will undergo a much-needed self-reflection in jail in order to figure out who he really is.
1977	Harley Quinn returns on July 27 for its fourth season on Max.
1978	Harley Quinn Season 4 producing duo Cecilia Aranovich Hamilton and Ian Hamilton opened up about what’s next for the Bat Family following their leader’s unexpected arrest.
1979	During the last season of Harley Quinn, Bruce Wayne/ Batman accidentally unleashed a zombie apocalypse after he tried bringing his parents back from the dead using Frank’s powers.
1980	Speaking with Screen Rant, Cecilia Aranovich Hamilton confirmed that Season 4 will explore the new dynamic between the Bat Family and their newest member Harley Quinn, who is set to get her own Batman-inspired superhero suit.
1981	"And it's interesting because we removed Batman from the equation,"" she teased."
1982	So, this is the younger members of the Bat Family... Night Wing and Bat Girl and Robin, and now you have this X factor, which is Harley.
1983	As Harley Quinn sort of discovers, 'Who exactly is Harley Quinn?
1984	The Harley Quinn series is created by Justin Halpern, Patrick Schumacker, and Dean Lorey, with Sarah Peters serving as the new showrunner for the next installment.
1985	Season 4’s returning voice cast includes Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, Giancarlo Esposito as Lex Luthor, Harvey Guillén as Dick Grayson / Nightwing, Briana Cuoco as Barbara Gordon / Batgirl, more.
1986	Harley Quinn Season 4 premieres on July 27 on Max.
1987	The idea of a vulgar, adult-oriented Harley Quinn animated series initially seemed like a limited premise, but over the course of three seasons, the show has proved that it has far more to offer than shock value.
1988	Harley Quinn's fourth season continues to deliver rewarding character development, clever world-building, and an appealing cast of offbeat heroes and villains, along with plenty of naughty humor.
1989	While other superhero shows and movies often push darkness and tragedy, Harley Quinn goes in the other direction, and the result is one of the best and most consistently entertaining superhero shows on TV.
1990	Harley Quinn has its own version of darkness and tragedy, but it's always delivered with a smile and a chipper attitude, both by the show and the title character.
1991	The fourth season features its share of shocking deaths and gruesome developments, but nothing fazes Gotham City supervillain Harley Quinn (Kaley Cuoco).
1992	Actually, make that Gotham City superhero Harley Quinn, because the fourth season continues Harley's hero arc after she saved the city from a zombie infestation at the end of the third season.
1993	One great thing about Harley Quinn's standalone status is that it isn't beholden to existing DC Comics continuity or continuity from any other DC shows or movies, so it can do radical things like put Bruce Wayne in prison and keep him there.
1994	Harley has joined up with Nightwing (What We Do in the Shadows' Harvey Guillen), Batgirl (Briana Cuoco), and Robin (Jacob Tremblay), and she even has a new superhero costume with a bat logo on it.
1995	While Harley is perhaps a little too excited to become a superhero, her girlfriend Poison Ivy (Lake Bell) has taken her supervillainy to another level as the new CEO of the Legion of Doom.
1996	Harley and Ivy commit to keeping their personal and professional lives separate now that they're on opposite sides of the hero/villain divide, but of course, that doesn't exactly work out as planned.
1997	Still, their relationship remains strong, and Harley Quinn continues to give the Harley/Ivy romance the showcase it deserves.
1998	With Harley's shift to superheroism, some of Harley Quinn's former supporting cast falls by the wayside, and Harley's former villain teammates Clayface (Alan Tudyk) and Doctor Psycho (Tony Hale) barely appear in the fourth season.
1999	Harley Quinn has developed such a delightful and varied supporting cast that there are plenty of new and returning faces to make up for it, though, including a welcome expanded role for the snarky Nora Fries (Rachel Dratch), ex-wife of Mr.
2000	Harley and Ivy spend much of Harley Quinn's fourth season dealing with separate issues, not sharing as much screen time as in the past, but that allows for genuine character growth amid the silly humor.
2001	There are plenty of jokes about Nightwing's notoriously glorious backside, but Harley also has much to learn from the Bat-Family, especially via her burgeoning friendship with Batgirl.
2002	It's a common peril of breakout villain characters like Harley, Deadpool, and Venom that they become sanitized heroes as they get more popular, but Harley Quinn's writers don't tone down the character's penchant for violence even as she attempts to do the right thing.
2003	"Heroes and villains aren't that far apart in Harley Quinn, even mingling at parties and funerals, and Ivy pioneers an initiative she calls ""socially conscious evil"" in keeping with her longstanding interest in environmentalism."
2004	Harley Quinn isn't a show about delivering serious messages, but there is plenty of pointed social commentary in the way that Ivy is treated as the Legion of Doom's first female CEO, from the disrespect from her underlings to the emphasis on crafting a PR image that someone like Lex doesn't have to care about.
2005	She finds an unlikely mentor in fellow female villain Talia al Ghul (Aline Elasmar), who arrives to take charge of Wayne Enterprises following Bruce's incarceration.
2006	Harley Quinn's animation style remains bright and colorful, contrasting with the often graphic violence and adult subject matter.
2007	Far from a one-joke concept, Harley Quinn remains a sophisticated, funny, creative series about the absurd world of superheroes.
2008	The first three episodes of Harley Quinn's fourth season premiere Thursday, July 27, on Max, with subsequent episodes debuting each Thursday.
2009	DC takes a dive into Harley Quinn's nightmares in the new comic Knight Terrors - Harley Quinn #1 ( by Tini Howard, Hayden Sherman, Triona Farrell and Steve Wands).
2010	Though she started as a follower of the Joker, suffering emotional and physical torment by his hand, Knight Terrors shows how far Harley has come since her days under his thumb.
2011	Harley finally gets her time in the spotlight when she is sent deep into her own psyche in an attempt to terrify her.
2012	However, Harley ends up being unafraid of most of what her nightmares have to throw at her, since she has moved on from the worst parts of her past.
2013	The book features Harley traveling to various alternate dimensions with cameos from variants of iconic characters like the pirate version of Batman called Leatherwing.
2014	However, by the end of the book, Harley's true nightmare is finally revealed, and it takes the form of the Justice League; though not as her adversaries, but as her allies.
2015	According to her nightmares, the thing Harley fears most is having to become a member of a league of superheroes fighting for justice
2016	The issue depicts various iterations of her character, from her classic look to her current appearance, with art by Hayden Sherman and Ben Templesmith, and contains a supporting story by Leah Willilams.
2017	The story features several references to not only the Knight Terrors event but even Multiversity: Harley Screws Up The DCU.
2018	Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn #1 (by Tini Howard, Hayden Sherman, Triona Farrell and Steve Wands) is on sale now at comic book stores and in digital formats.
2019	The nightmares this week continue at DC Comics as Harley Quinn goes back to work in Knight Terrors: Harley Quinn #1.
2020	DC's Knight Terrors event reveals Harley Quinn's worst nightmare, returning to her role as a psychiatrist at Arkham Asylum.
2021	However, unlike most characters in Knight Terrors, Harley seems to be happy to go back to work.
2022	"She picks up her clipboard with a big smile on her face and even refers to herself as ""Dr. Harleen Quinzel""."
2023	"Harley Quinn supervising producers Cecilia Aranovich Hamilton and Ian Hamilton talked about the upcoming Season 4, teasing the fan-favorite villain Lex Luthor's return via a ""villain convention on the moon."
2024	He once welcomed Harley to join the L.O.D, which eventually turned out to be a ploy to get Poison Ivy to tag along.
2025	"She further says, ""He'll probably want me even more now,"" teasing Luthor's involvement in the next season."
2026	Harley Quinn Season 3 concluded with a surprising twist as Harley decided to abandon her villainous ways and join the Bat Family.
2027	However, Season 4's official trailer hints at the challenges she will face in her new hero-in-training role, particularly due to her violent approach when dealing with adversaries.
2028	Based on the iconic DC character of the same name, HBO's Harley Quinn premiered in 2019 to alike praise from both critics and audiences, especially for its adult-oriented humor and sexuality.
2029	The series stars Kaley Cuoco as the voice of Harley Quinn.
2030	Harley Quinn Season 4 is scheduled to premiere on July 27, on Max.
2031	One of the most surprising successes of the HBO Max era was the Harley Quinn TV show.
2032	Not even the DCEU movies had Harley unleashing chaos this way.
2033	Now that the full Harley Quinn Season 4 trailer is finally here, it appears to be the most bombastic season yet.
2034	The new season is giving Harley and her friends some very nuanced problems.
2035	It's all set to unfold as Harley and friends seek to maintain control over Gotham, Metropolis, and the world at large.
2036	Season 3 ended with Harley joining the Bat-family.
2037	No matter how much she enjoyed murdering people, she realized she wanted to be a hero.
2038	The Season 4 trailer, however, has the likes of Harley Quinn's Nightwing, Batgirl and Damian Wayne adamant that the rebellious Harley has to stick to Batman's rules.
2039	Harley could end up visiting a Bruce Wayne in jail as he pines for Catwoman, asking if he really believes in her.
2040	If he's too depressing, she can even turn to her old beau, the Joker.
2041	The real key, however, could be a heartfelt chat with Poison Ivy, whom Harley trusts as her true love and soulmate.
2042	She would be best positioned to advise if Harley is meant to keep walking on the wild side.
2043	While Harley is uncertain of her destiny, Ivy knows what she wants as the newest member of the Legion of Doom.
2044	She's spotted fighting the Justice League, maiming people, and calling the shots in Lex Luthor's crew.
2045	Season 4 suggests she may even be Lex's favorite as they attend Malcon, a convention for villains.
2046	If Ivy uses Lex's tools (including a NSFW rocket) more than Harley assumed she would, this could drive a wedge between her and a Harley Quinn trying to abide by the Batman's policies.
2047	"It could foreshadow an inevitable showdown, especially once Ivy climbs the ladder, smartly uses minions like Bane, Black Manta, etc., and shows Lex she's perfect as his ""SHE-EO."
2048	The trailer also teases Clayface fighting Ivy, which means Harley's old clique may be at war with each other.
2049	Frank is likely to side with Ivy, while King Shark may return from his kingdom to help a Harley out who's always been cool with him.
2050	Either way, this fracture would hurt Harley big-time because they all formed a family and supported her when she left Joker.
2051	She wouldn't like gaining one clan, but losing another tribe in the process.
2052	All in all, Harley Quinn Season 4 is clearly working the angle on both sides that neither she nor Ivy can have their cake and eat it too.
2053	With Lex's empire growing rapidly and a guilt-obsessed Bruce out of commission, Harley may well find herself at a major crossroads she initially thought would be easy to navigate.
2054	Ultimately, as great as her intentions are, with this diluted Bat-family at her side and her old crew shattered, Harley may well end up feeling more isolated than ever.
2055	The first three seasons of Harley Quinn are currently available to stream on Max, with Season 4 set to premiere on July 27.
2056	Harley Quinn supervising producer Cecilia Aranovich Hamilton confirmed that they changed the character design of Nightwing for the upcoming fourth season.
2057	During the Max Original Animation panel at San Diego Comic-Con, Hamilton teased new details about the highly-anticipated Harley Quinn Season 4, revealing that the original Nightwing model had to undergo some design updates.
2058	In the Harley Quinn series, What We Do in the Shadows actor Harvey Guillén is voicing Nightwing, who was first introduced in Episode 2 of Season 3 when he comes back home to Gotham.
2059	Season 3 ended with Harley Quinn unexpectedly joining the Bat Family after she realized that she no longer wants to be a villain.
2060	As seen in the official trailer for Harley Quinn Season 4, the hero-in-training will find herself struggling to fit in with the Bat Family due to her violent way of dealing with enemies.
2061	However, she faces opposition from sexist male villains who are trying to undermine her leadership.
2062	The adult-animated series features the voices of Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, and Christopher Meloni as Commissioner Gordon.
2063	Max's Harley Quinn released a new Season 4 trailer during San Diego Comic-Con 2023.
2064	A new look at the fourth season of the Harley Quinn animated series was revealed during the Max Original Animation panel at San Diego Comic-Con.
2065	"The latest trailer teases more villains, more action and definitely more ""Harlivy,"" as the animated series' power couple Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy grapple with their new respective jobs: Harley as part of the Bat Family, Ivy as the leader of the Legion of Doom."
2066	"I think you're aware that Harley is now joining the Bat Family, so she's going to be on the side of justice, and Ivy is leading the Doom,"" the series creators said during the panel, as reported by CBR."
2067	Prior to San Diego Comic-Con, Harley Quinn dropped the first, largely NSFW trailer for Season 4, which teased even more antics for Harley, Poison Ivy, and their eccentric crew of villains.
2068	The new season will see the return of the voice cast led by Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, and Alan Tudyk as Clayface and the Joker, among others.
2069	"My main goal as a writer on previous seasons has been to make Harley and Ivy's relationship honest and relatable,"" Peters said in 2022 about her goals for the adult animated series' fourth season."
2070	Developed by Schumacker, Halpern and Dean Lorey, the first two seasons of Harley Quinn originally premiered on the DC Universe streaming service.
2071	In a previous interview, Schumacker and Halpern revealed that Season 3 of Harley Quinn was written with the future of the show in mind, even before the Season 4 renewal.
2072	DC dives deeper into the backstory of the infamous Harley Quinn in her new series, Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder.
2073	Written by Chip Zdarsky, Paul Scheer and Leah Williams with art by Natacha Bustos, Kevin Maguire and Tom Reilly, Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder will have 18 new stories about the titular character's past, including a deeper look at her backstory.
2074	While Harley's origin is commonly tied to the Joker, the new run gives her sadistic behavior a much earlier start, with a story detailing her days as a teenager.
2075	The series is a follow-up to the popular 2020 Harly Quinn: Black + White + Red, which featured previously untold stories from Harleen Quinzel's past.
2076	When she witnesses the heinous abuse and manipulation of the girls on her team by their coach, she takes matters into her own hands and dishes out justice in her own violent way through torture.
2077	"While fans have seen glimpses of Harley's dark side during her time as a psychiatrist and later in her life, ""Push Through the Pain"" shows that her enjoyment of inflicting pain and suffering goes back much further than fans initially thought."
2078	Although it provides more detail of the earlier periods of her life, Black + White + Redder is not the first time Harley has been the star of her own stories.
2079	The Max original animated show Harley Quinn made her the main protagonist and a dynamic character who develops a relationship with Poison Ivy.
2080	The show's popularity proves that there is a market for more Harley-focused stories and helps reshape her from an outright villain to the sympathetic antihero that she is today.
2081	The run debuted its first issue on July 18 and will run for six total issues, each containing three separate stories about Harley's misadventures in Gotham City and more details on her origins.
2082	Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red #1 is on sale now from DC Comics.
2083	Harley Quinn started out life in DC Comics as a villain, partnered with Joker.
2084	Since she shared the same thoughts and feeling on almost every topic as Mr. J, The Dark Knight became her natural arch-nemesis.
2085	Harley Quinn spent a great deal of her career fighting against Batman alongside her love.
2086	But after an anti-hero turn, Harley Quinn's ways have changed.
2087	After realizing that her relationship with Joker was so turbulent and toxic, Harley named the Clown Prince of Crime as another arch-enemy.
2088	Although their relationship is still complicated, Quinn now looks at Joker with extreme prejudice which has come into play in the battlefield.
2089	She is distrusted and disliked, but her methods do get results no matter how morally gray they are.
2090	Every villain that sits within the Suicide Squad will consider Waller their arch-nemesis, and therefore she has to do the same.
2091	Waller shouldn't make her job personal and yet it's likely that those relationships get more hateful the longer she manipulates her team.
2092	Her relationship with the characters of Gotham, the city of villains, has thus also changed as she finds a more powerful way to move forward with her priorities.
2093	But after her relationship with Harley Quinn, she found an even deeper hatred for Joker.
2094	She despised how he treated Harley, thus laying the groundwork for a very personal arch-nemesis relationship.
2095	"A new trailer for Harley Quinn Season 4 has been released, showcasing the show's audaciousness and adult-oriented humor.The teaser features Harley Quinn unapologetically flashing viewers and exclaiming, ""Have a great time!"
2096	"#HarleyQuinnS4,"" the promo spot sets the tone for what fans can expect from the upcoming season."
2097	Based on the DC character created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm for Batman: The Animated Series, Harley Quinn follows the misadventures following her split with the Joker.
2098	With the support of her best friend-turned-lover Poison Ivy and their unconventional crew, Harley discovers her true self and navigates a path that transcends traditional villainy.
2099	Season 2 ended with Harley and Ivy finally getting together, marking a significant development in their relationship.
2100	Season 3 continued the mayhem and comedy as Harley and Poison Ivy returned to Gotham as the power couple of DC villainy.
2101	The third season concludes with Harley's realization that she no longer wants to be a villain.
2102	While she joins the Bat Family, Ivy prepares to assume leadership of the Legion of Doom, highlighting the shifting dynamics between the two characters.
2103	The show boasts a voice cast led by Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Alan Tudyk as Clayface and the Joker, and various other actors voicing iconic DC characters.
2104	In this episode, Harley goes all out to create the perfect date for Ivy, resulting in a humorous and eventful adventure.
2105	Earlier, the official poster for the fourth season of Harley Quinn was released.
2106	The key art showcased Harley, Poison Ivy, King Shark, and Clayface embarking on a space adventure aboard a rocket, hinting at the thrilling escapades that await them.
2107	Although the revelation explains everything there is to know about why this version of his father established his brutal Regime and their nearly absolute control over the globe, it is also a stark indictment of the lines that were crossed along the way.
2108	As deep as this cuts Jon, there is one other person involved who still feels a fair amount of guilt and shame over what has happened: Harley Quinn.
2109	The Harley Quinn of DC's Injustice timeline made a name for herself by terrorizing the citizens of Gotham as the Joker's right-hand woman.
2110	When their usual plots and ploys grew tired, Harley was right there beside the Joker as he embarked on a crusade against Superman.
2111	She may not have been the mastermind of the scheme, but at no point did Harley attempt to stop or even simply walk away from the plan.
2112	In the end, Lois lost her life at the hands of the man she loved, Metropolis was razed to the ground, and the Man of Steel finally crossed the line he had spent his entire lifetime avoiding by killing the Joker.
2113	Harley was then imprisoned by Superman's new Regime, although she soon esccaped.
2114	While Harley had managed to slip through Superman's grasp, she did so only to land within that of Green Arrow, who saw fit to keep her confined in his Arrowcave.
2115	Although Harley's time with Green Arrow was short, it still had a profound and lasting impact on her life, eventually setting her on a completely different path in life.
2116	Since then, Harley has been consumed by the need to make up for her part in bringing her world to an end, even if that means standing up to Superman single-handedly.
2117	This sense of duty is also precisely why it is so important to Harley that she takes the opportunity to look the boy she helped kill in the eye and tell him how sorry she is for every part she had in the act.
2118	As unsurprising as this is, Jon still has the clarity of mind to recognize that he doesn't need to forgive Harley in order for her to find penance for her crimes - and he stands by his decision not to.
2119	This isn't to say that Harley hasn't tried to atone for her past by joining the Insurgency alongside Batman, but rather that those efforts were never going to be enough to make up for her past sins.
2120	"As far as she is concerned, fighting back against Superman was the only thing that made sense, especially after seeing how far he was willing to go in order to ""protect"" the world."
2121	Now that she has Jon's reassurances, Harley might actually be able to begin thinking of herself as something more than a lost cause, and that in and of itself could be all it takes for her to make the difference she never thought she could.
2122	Throughout all of Harley's battles against the Regime and its superpowered enforcers, she has consistently held her self back to some degree.
2123	This can certainly be explained in part by her desire to hide away from the bleak, broken world she helped usher in, but it is just as indicative of the remorse she feels.
2124	To Harley, surviving hasn't merely been about fighting, but about making sure the heroes who took her in wouldn't see fit to throw her to the wolves.
2125	Thankfully, Jon has now shown her that her worst fears are unjustified, and the true heroes of this world will continue to stand beside her as long as she is willing to fight for the good of her world.
2126	However, even that has its limits, and when pushed he's not afraid to shove back.
2127	Jon Kent's meeting with the version of Injustice Harley Quinn in Adventures of Superman: Jon Kent #5 (by Tom Taylor, Clayton Henry, Jordie Bellaire, and Wes Abbott) revealed that his seemingly limitless well of forgiveness and mercy does have its limits, when he openly refused to forgive her for her crimes.
2128	The world of Injustice was thrown off the DC Universe's typical path when the Joker and Harley Quinn of this timeline turned their attention toward the Superman of their world.
2129	Harley has since seen the error of her ways and has been working alongside Batman's insurgency against Superman's regime.
2130	While she's been accepted as a member of the group by the desperate heroes from her timeline, their new ally Jon Kent makes it clear that her actions still have consequences.
2131	When Harley tries to apologize to the typically soft-spoken and open-hearted Jon for her actions, Jon responds with a curt refusal to forgive her.
2132	"Harley's defense that she thought it was all ""just a game"" doesn't endear her to Jon, who notes that even if she didn't take it seriously, she was still an accessory to the murder and mayhem the Joker fomented."
2133	Jon overtly refuses to forgive her for her actions, telling her she has to live with the fact that she helped a monster complete his goals.
2134	In Jon's eyes, that's the only way Harley can make up for her actions.
2135	This carries over to the Injustice Harley Quinn variant, who Jon can't personally forgive.
2136	However, he can accept that she's remorseful and working toward repairing the world she hurt.
2137	It also stands in stark contrast to Injustice Superman, who captured the Insurgency and immediately ordered Batman and Harley's execution, accosting Harley with flaming eyes, promising that in twenty-four hours she'll never speak again.
2138	Jon's personal mercy may have limits, and he may never forgive Injustice Harley for her actions but he can see that this is his own hang-up, and shouldn't define what he does.
2139	The official poster for the highly anticipated fourth season of Harley Quinn has dropped, teasing the return of the fan-favorite DC villain and the rest of her motley crew.
2140	The key art features Harley, Poison Ivy, King Shark and Clayface going on a joyride to space on an almost-NSFW rocket which potentially hints at one of the crew’s next adventures.
2141	The poster also confirmed that Harley Quinn Season 4 will finally start streaming on Thursday, July 27.
2142	It chronicles the misadventures of Harley Quinn following her break-up with the Joker, as she finds her true self with the help of her best friend-turned-lover Poison Ivy and their not-so-villainous crew.
2143	Season 3 ended with Harley realizing that she doesn’t want to be a villain anymore.
2144	While Harley joins the Bat Family, Ivy is now poised to become the next leader of the Legion of Doom.
2145	Before Harley Quinn Season 4’s release, Max previously debuted a special episode titled A Very Problematic Valentine's Day Special featuring Harley going all-out to give Ivy the perfect date.
2146	In a previous interview, executive producer Peter Schumacker opened up about their plans for the next installment of Harley Quinn, revealing that Poison Ivy will be given more spotlight this season which will explore her involvement in the Legion of Doom.
2147	The returning voice cast of Harley Quinn Season 4 includes Kaley Cuoco as Harley Quinn, Lake Bell as Poison Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, JB Smoove as Frank the Plant, Alan Tudyk as Clayface/The Joker, Christopher Meloni as Commissioner Gordon, Diedrich Bader as Batman/Bruce Wayne, James Adomian as Bane, and more.
2148	Harley Quinn Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Max.
2149	Max's Harley Quinn animated series introduced one of the darkest, most guilt-driven interpretations of Batman and his personal loneliness.
2150	The Harley Quinn television show follows Harley Quinn and her girlfriend Poison Ivy as they strive to become respected supervillains in Gotham City.
2151	Along the way, Harley faces off against her ex-boyfriend the Joker, builds a crew of criminal friends featuring Clayface and King Shark, and pursues a loving relationship with Poison Ivy.
2152	Harley Quinn has been praised for its darkly comedic rendition of the DC universe's various superheroes and supervillains, especially with its version of Batman.
2153	His character plays significant roles across the first three seasons of Harley Quinn; he protects Gotham City from Harley's different crimes, inspires Barbara Gordon to defend Gotham City as Batgirl, and consults Harley for therapy.
2154	Harley Quinn's version of Bruce is still obsessed with the loss of his parents, which worsens his fear of losing his connection with Selina.
2155	The show establishes these disturbing qualities of Bruce when it takes a literal dive into his psyche.
2156	Harley uses Dr. Psycho's mental powers to enter Bruce's mind, where she discovers the disturbing truth about his inner mental state.
2157	Harley watches as adult Bruce forces his younger self, the mental manifestation of himself as a child, to watch his parents die again and again as a form of self-punishment.
2158	The Harley Quinn television series is well regarded as one of the funniest animated superhero shows, showing love for the DC universe source material with enough confidence to also poke fun at it.
2159	Harley Quinn's version of Bruce Wayne can't defeat his fears of ending up alone, and his fears eventually become a disturbing threat to his life mission as Batman.
2160	While details are scarce, DC released a 48-second teaser that gave audiences glimpses of Harley Quinn, Joker, Amanda Waller, and the magical new world.
2161	Though Cheetah has primarily served as an enemy of Wonder Woman, she's been a member of the Suicide Squad before.
2162	And like King Shark, she would be well-suited to a world full of fantasy anime tropes.
2163	While Nightshade might not be a household name among DC fans, she has previously served as a member of the Suicide Squad.
2164	As a result of her royal heritage, she can use shadow magic and is capable of teleporting by moving through her former kingdom.
2165	On top of that, Captain Boomerang is a great source of comic relief, even compared to Harley Quinn.
2166	Sometimes, she serves as a member; sometimes, she's the Squad's adversary.
2167	Whatever role she takes, if she's included in the anime, she would definitely be an appropriate inclusion.
2168	While Harley Quinn has become the face of the Suicide Squad in recent years, Deadshot has been nearly synonymous with the team for decades.
2169	Katana is arguably the most famous of these, and she also has a connection to the Suicide Squad.
2170	While Katana may stick out in a Western-styled medieval fantasy world, she'd look more in place than Joker or Harley Quinn.
2171	It's a dark reflection of Batman's central motivations and was also done in the tonally different Harley Quinn animated series.
2172	It's a harrowing turn of events, but they are also a callback to the animated Harley Quinn series.
2173	Harley Quinn is the latest DC animated project, with the streaming series reimagining the heroes and villains of Gotham City through a darkly comedic lense.
2174	"Season 3's ""Batman Begins Forever"" saw Harley jump into Bruce Wayne's mind so she could uncover more about whatever's happened to Poison Ivy's friend, Frank."
2175	In doing so, she learns Bruce's secret identity and forms an unlikely bond with his inner child, who is still haunted by his parent's murder.
2176	Both Harley Quinn and Knight Terrors use the image of Bruce Wayne being Joe Chill to reinforce Batman's internal strife over the formative event of his young life, highlighting how he's warped his tragedy into motivation.
2177	Knight Terrors and Harley Quinn couldn't be more different tonally, but both stories also understand a fundamental truth about Batman and what makes him such a tragic character.
2178	Harley Quinn has steadily become one of DC's most high-profile characters, with the chaotic wild card transitioning from supporting villain to unlikely hero.
2179	She's usually remained a human character despite the limits and lengths she's been pushed to take on, highlighting her adaptability and skill in the field.
2180	Harley Quinn #31 (by Tini Howard, Heather Campbell, Sweeney Boo, Filya Bratukhin, Lee Loughridghe, Steve Wands, and Hassan Otsmane-Elhaou) sees Harley make peace with Captain Carrot, and gain the attention of Lady Quark.
2181	Harley Quinn's new multiversal journey has taken her across dimensional lines, and pitted her against a very unlikely figure: Captain Carrot.
2182	The Zoo Crew's entire world has been left in ruin due to the unintended consequences of Harley accidentally grabbing an invaluable weapon at the worst possible time.
2183	At first glance, it seemed to lead to the deaths of the other members of the Zoo Crew and the collapse of the hero's optimism, as he lashed out with seemingly lethal intent against Harley.
2184	But Quinn's desperate pleas and explanations eventually get through to the hero.
2185	Recognizing that it is unheroic of him to lash out at her in anger, Captain Carrot makes peace with Harley, talks through his feelings with her, and even presents her with one of his Cosmic Carrots to use in case of emergency.
2186	Harley eventually returns to the core DC Universe and is able to stall the fury of Lady Quark long enough to assist the other heroes, but her casual interactions and empathetic attitude towards multiversal heroes could tease a greater role of importance for Harley in the future.
2187	But Harley joining the group could actually make a lot of sense, given recent events in her life.
2188	Although she's found a tense peace with the Bat-Family and reaffirmed her romance with Poison Ivy, Harley has steadily been drawn into multiversal adventures as of late.
2189	She's teamed up with variants of herself, combated the horrifying Harley Who Laughs, and has been working to undo her own accidental damage to other timelines.
2190	In many of these scenarios, Harley has been forced to empathize with other heroes and their journeys, which plays into her natural sense of insight as a psychiatrist.
2191	She's helped talk Captain Carrot through his issues, and was able to overcome her darkest variant by sharing empathy with them.
2192	Even Harley thwarting Lady Quark (albeit briefly) stems from her ability to talk her way out of trouble and at least stall the problem by appealing to the queen's sense of reason.
2193	This speaks to Harley's strength as a mediator and negotiator, which are both skills that would come in handy for Justice Incarnate.
2194	In fact, becoming a multiversal psychiatrist to creation's greatest heroes might be the single best use of Harley's skills.
2195	But Harley's increasing number of multiversal conflicts highlights how much she's really grown in terms of skill and scope, and her joining Justice Incarnate could codify her place in the greater DC landscape.
2196	Harley's experience in dealing with both heroes and villains could allow her to bring empathy to the universal stakes and scope of their multiversal adventures, and she would likely fit in alongside the noble intentions of someone like President Superman.
2197	She could be a useful gauge to keep the more powerful and pragmatic members of the team in check, forcing them to remember the moral cost that comes with their actions and decisions.
2198	Harley's experience with Gotham City has given her a personal resistance that would likely benefit from such a position, as seen when she talks through Captain Carrot's rage and the two converse about Crisis-level events.
2199	Harley's surprising bond with Captain Carrot (and her brief tenure as a member of the Justice League) gives her the kind of clear experience that would make the character a good addition to Justice Incarnate.
2200	Having a character from the core DC Universe more firmly established as a part of Justice Incarnate could connect the group closer to the primary setting of the universe, especially in light of the Flash's time with the team being upended by the events of Dark Crisis.
2201	She'd also likely be a very useful figure in opposition to Amanda Waller, whose plans have started to affect the entire multiverse.
2202	Harley's experience with the Suicide Squad could give Justice Incarnate some very useful tips ahead of any conflict with Waller, and could make the Clown Princess into a valuable wildcard in the process.
2203	Harley could bring a more focused perspective of the team, and keep it front and center in the universe even when they don't have their own title.
2204	New promotional art for Harley Quinn teases the titular anti-hero potentially stepping into the role of Gotham City's protector.Posted to the show's official Twitter account, the image includes the Bat Signal shining up onto the clouds above Gotham City but instead of the Bat Symbol many fans have to expect, the silhouette is of Harley's pig-tailed head.
2205	reads the caption, written from the perspective of Harley herself.
2206	Max's Harley Quinn show is one of the platform's most popular animated series, earning plenty of praise from both fans and critics alike.
2207	The story follows the titular character as she embarks on a quest to establish her notoriety as one of the DC Universe's most prolific criminals.
2208	Together with her girlfriend Poison Ivy and her crew of reject supervillains, she hatches many plans to become the most respected crook in town.
2209	Details on Harley Quinn Season 4 are still scarce but one aspect the series aims to explore deeper is Poison Ivy's role in the Legion of Doom.
2210	Having ascended as the leader of the group's Gotham City branch, the new episodes will examine what that means for her on a personal level and how her new responsibilities will impact her relationship with Harley.
2211	Fans looking for more Harley Quinn before Season 4 drops can check out Harley Quinn: A Very Problematic Valentine's Day Special, a unique episode that spotlights the love of the DC Universe that still manages to be as silly as audiences have come to expect.
2212	Harley Quinn Season 4 is expected to premiere on Max in the summer of 2023.
2213	Jessica Jones follows the eponymous character as she goes through her private detective job and faces the villain Kilgrave, who previously abused her and forced her to kill people.
2214	Jessica isn't exactly a likable superhero, but she's an accurate depiction of a woman getting over severe trauma and confronting her past.
2215	Jessica Jones isn't a role model, but she represents realistic hardships for an orphaned and underprivileged woman.
2216	Based on the 1985 animated series She-Ra: Princess of Power, She-Ra and the Princesses of Power follows Adora as she discovers her superpowers, transforming into She-Ra.
2217	Not only is Adora a powerful heroine, but She-Ra also explores Adora's background and her emotional journey.
2218	Sara becomes the unlikely leader of the Legends, and she takes her role very seriously.
2219	She creates a family for herself with the Legends and eventually falls in love with Ava, with whom she starts a family.
2220	One of the best superheroes from the Arrowverse, Kara Danvers was initially sent to Earth to take care of her cousin Kal-El, but she arrives when he's already a full adult.
2221	Adopted by the Danvers and without a mission anymore, Kara finds a way to create a life on Earth, and she eventually makes use of her superpowers to become a superhero on her own.
2222	Unlike Clark, Kara has memories from Krypton, and Supergirl depicts her journey as she manages to overcome the traumatic experience of losing her home planet.
2223	Additionally, the show portrays Supergirl's struggle as she tries to create a human life (with her friends and her journalist job) while also taking care of the planet as a superhero.
2224	She-Hulk: Attorney at Law introduces Jennifer Walters as she gets her Hulk powers after an accident with her cousin Bruce.
2225	However, even though Jennifer becomes the She-Hulk, she has a very different superhero persona than the one seen in the Hulk.
2226	For example, She-Hulk has less of a problem controlling her powers and her emotions than her cousin.
2227	Furthermore, she's not initially on board with becoming a superhero, as she values her professional life.
2228	She-Hulk: Attorney at Law follows Jennifer as she comes to terms with her newly found identity in a male-dominated environment that makes it really hard for her to be a lawyer and a superhero.
2229	Even though Layla accompanies two male lead characters (and she's the love interest for both of them) in Moon Knight, she's never a damsel in distress.
2230	While she doesn't have superpowers, she chooses to go all the way and fight alongside Moon Knight.
2231	Furthermore, in the final battle in Cairo, a kid asks Layla if she's an Egyptian superhero, and she replies that she is.
2232	Harley Quinn has been praised for its interesting, provocative, and challenging portrayal of some of DC's most iconic villains and superheroes, especially Harley Quinn, The Joker, and Batman.
2233	Harley gets out of a toxic relationship with the Joker and finds a family with Poison Ivy, Clayface, and King Shark.
2234	Throughout Harley Quinn, Harley finds her own identity beyond that of The Joker and even realizes she's not as much of a villain as she always thought.
2235	Eventually, Harley even explores her sexuality and realizes her romantic feelings for Poison Ivy.
2236	Harley, then, learns to have a healthy relationship while also pursuing her own villainous -- sometimes heroic -- agenda.
2237	Kamala spends the show making peace with her American-Pakistani identity at the same time that she becomes a superhero on her own (after spending years being a big fan of superheroes).
2238	This show uniquely portrays (through the sitcom genre) Wanda's terrible grief when she loses the love of her life, Vision.
2239	HBO's Harley Quinn officially enters production on its fifth season.The news that production on Harley Quinn Season 5 had begun was confirmed in a June 27 tweet by story artist and director Kiki Manrique.
2240	Based on the iconic DC character of the same name who first appeared in Batman: The Animated Series before transitioning to the world of comics, HBO's Harley Quinn premiered in 2019 to critical and audience acclaim.
2241	The series stars Kalie Cuoco as the voice of Harley, along with an ensemble cast of all-star talent including Lake Bell as Ivy, Ron Funches as King Shark, Tony Hale as Doctor Psycho, and Alan Tudyk as Clayface.
2242	News of Season 5 entering production comes only weeks after the confirmation that Harley Quinn Season 4 would be premiering sometime this summer on the recently rebranded MAX streaming platform.
2243	In February, Schumacker and fellow co-showrunner Justin Halpern discussed the myriad of concepts and characters showcased in the Harley Quinn Valentine's Day special.
2244	Harley Quinn Season 4 debuts sometime this summer on MAX.
2245	The first three seasons of Harley Quinn are available for streaming now on MAX.
2246	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU has been a giant rollercoaster ride for the fan-favorite antihero, Harley Quinn.
2247	From preventing Aquaman’s birth to destroying Captain Carrot’s crew, Harley has done unfathomable damage to the DC Multiverse.
2248	When the trio went through Crime Alley they are ambushed by a robber, Joe Chill.
2249	However, Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #5 (by Frank Tieri, Logan Faerber and Ferran Delgado) not only changes this event but it also completely eliminates the Dark Knight’s origin story.
2250	In this issue, Harley is the one who walks down Crime Alley and encounters Chill instead of the Wayne family.
2251	Joe who is unaware of Harley’s infamous violent streak and unpredictable nature approaches her.
2252	Harley takes offense to this and attacks the criminal in a very brutal fashion and throws insults at him as Bruce and his parents walk right past the commotion.
2253	Harley’s quick temper and Joe’s inability to outmatch her saved Bruce's parents in this universe.
2254	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #5 written by Frank Tieri with art from Logan Faerber, letters by Ferran Delgado and covers by Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti, is currently available to read on DC Universe Infinite and hits comic book stores on July 11, 2023.
2255	In the original New Earth timeline, Amanda Waller employed Flag because she needed someone she could trust.
2256	Scandal cared so much for Knockout she was even willing to risk the Secret Six's safety against the supervillain community after Knockout was killed.
2257	Afterward, she resurrected her lover, allowing the two of them to continue working with the rest of the Six.
2258	Bane could see the hurt in Scandal, offering her a safe haven when she needed it most.
2259	Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy are without a doubt DC's most popular villain friendship, and have been fan-favorites since they first appeared together.
2260	Poison Ivy was always a good friend to Harley.
2261	She supporting Harley through her toxic relationship with the Joker and encouraged her to leave him.
2262	Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy are best friends.
2263	Aquaman is the latest victim of Harley Quinn's destructive trek through time and space in the DC Multiverse, as Harley has inadvertently led to Aquaman's parents never getting together in the first place.
2264	This all went down in the newest issue of Multiversity: Harley Screws up the DCU, a series by Frank Tieri and Logan Faerber (with letters by Ferran Delgado), that shows Harley Quinn teaming up with her future self to try to stop her past self from, well, screwing up the DC Universe.
2265	In the first issue of the miniseries, Harley Quinn discovers a time machine.
2266	She then goes off on a trip through time, but when she returns, all of her friends have been possessed by Starro the Conqueror.
2267	A mysterious stranger rescues Harley from her own friends, and after they get to a safe hiding spot, the stranger explains that what happened was that Starro was able to conquer the Earth finally because the people who normally stop him, namely the Justice League of America, no longer existed!
2268	At that point, the stranger reveals herself to be Harley herself, from the altered reality where the Justice League never existed.
2269	She then teams up with her other self to try to go back through time to, in Quantum Leap terms, put right what Harley herself put wrong.
2270	In the latest issue of the series, the Harleys figure out why Aquaman no longer exists in the DC Universe.
2271	As it turns out, during one of her trips through time, Harley met Tom Curry, and after he helped her out, she was so grateful that she hooked up with him.
2272	Luckily, the two Harleys were able to go back in time and stop the third Harley (the one still in the midst of her trip through time) from stepping on baby Wonder Woman when she was still a hunk of clay, so it is possible that they will be able to fix the timeline, but Starro knows what their plan is, so he has sent a Squad of possessed supervillains through time to stop them!
2273	Multiversity: Harley Screws up the DCU #4 is on sale now.
2274	Harley Quinn is one of DC's most chaotic heroes.
2275	Despite her recent development, she's still a very disruptive force extended throughout the universe, with Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU revealing how her unexpected interference with major events could result in a Starro-controlled future.
2276	But her latest twist to established canon was a lot more romantic than her other ones - even if it still resulted in a major death.
2277	Multiveristy: Harley Screws Up the DCU #4 (by Frank Tieri, Logan Gaerber, Ferran Delgado) reveals that Harley Quinn had an unexpected hook-up with the parent of a Justice League veteran, spending a night of passion with Aquaman's father in his younger days.
2278	The problem is that in doing so, Harley prevented birth of the hero in the first place.
2279	It's a funny new twist on Harley's connection to the rest of the DC Universe, and adds a very unlikely name to her list of romantic conquests.
2280	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU has seen Harley accidently causing massive damage to the DC Universe as a whole by traveling across time and space and tampering with crucial developments in the course of history.
2281	Her interference in the timeline resulted in Kal-El dying on Krypton with the rest of his race, Wonder Woman never being born, and the Flash's premature death during what should have been his origin.But while those interventions of fate are unexpectedly brutal, Harley's accidental mistake in preventing Aquaman from being born is far more silly - and romantic.
2282	After getting lost at sea in her multiverse-hopping transport, Harley ended up saved by Thomas Curry.
2283	But instead, distracted by a mutual attraction between himself and Harley, Arthur never went further out to sea.
2284	Instead, he returned to land with Harley and spent the night with her, and never met Atlanna.
2285	It's an unexpected turn for Harley, but not one that feels out of character.
2286	Although she and Poison Ivy have been romantically entangled lately, Quinn's frantic and flirty nature (particularly in this series) makes her behavior no surprise.
2287	She even ends up walking away from the experience pretty pleased with herself, and openly mourns him when he is seemingly killed by Starro's Suicide Squad.
2288	Harley's romantic history has included a lot of unlikely faces over the years, but this may be the most bizarre hook-up yet..
2289	This also gives Harley a newfound connection to Aquaman, as well as playing up an attraction she has for the hero that gets a bit of additional continuity.
2290	It's rare to see Harley attached to the heroic Justice League member, so this serves as a fun (and potentially awkward) new tweak to her various connections throughout the universe..
2291	Barbara Gordon (usually known as Batgirl) was a founding member of the Birds of Prey, but she's nowhere to be seen in the roster for the Kelly Thompson/Leo Romero book.
2292	Instead, Harley Quinn has a spot on the team, even though her association with the Birds of Prey only began with the controversial 2020 movie.
2293	Despite how integral she is as a founding member of the team, she's in the book's latest relaunch.
2294	Keep in mind that even though the New 52 reboot reverted Barbara Gordon back to the Batgirl identity, she was still a member of the Birds of Prey alongside usual member Black Canary.
2295	Barbara's now back to using the Oracle mantle, so it makes little sense to keep her away from the team she had a hand in creating.
2296	The most egregious member of the Birds of Prey team, however, is Harley Quinn.
2297	"Her ""association"" with the BOP began in the aforementioned movie, the likes of which cared more about Harley than the actual Birds of Prey characters."
2298	There was a brief Birds of Prey comic run that shifted to a Black Label release that also featured Harley Quinn, but it's mostly been forgotten.
2299	Including Harley Quinn at the expense of Oracle and seemingly even Huntress is bad enough.
2300	Even worse is how overused Harley Quinn has become in recent years.
2301	"This has led to several books and appearances with the ""antihero,"" Harley Quinn — some of which definitely made less sense than others."
2302	Even readers who like Harley Quinn feel she's been used way too much, and adding her to the Birds of Prey doesn't help this problem.
2303	There's also a genuine concern that Harley will end up taking the spotlight.
2304	After all, there's only so much room to showcase the absence of Oracle or how Zealot gels with the rest of the team, given that Harley Quinn's antics will probably take center stage.
2305	DC Pride is known for focusing on queer superhero stories that embrace the diversity of the publisher's catalog.
2306	Set in World War 2, in Bombshells female superheroes hold the line, protecting America from foreign and domestic threats.
2307	Tee Franklin penned Harley Quinn: The Eat.
2308	Tour, an exciting tale of queer solidarity for Harley Quinn: The Animated Series fans.
2309	Set in between the critically acclaimed television show's second and third seasons, this comic shows Harley and Ivy's blossoming romance, and the obstacles they have to fight along the way.
2310	With artists Taylor Esposito and Marissa Louise, Tee Franklin creates a world where Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy can embrace their love for each other.
2311	When she was introduced, Alysia was the first major transgender character in a mainstream comic book.
2312	"Bi icon John Constantine has been shown in relationships with men and women since the 1992 Hellblazer story, ""Ashes and Dust in the City of Angels."
2313	In Poison Ivy, creative team G. Willow Wilson and Marcio Takara deliver a hard-hitting story about Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn's most recent attempt at a romantic relationship.
2314	Getting together with Harley hasn't been easy for Poison Ivy but the two women are unstoppable in this storyline.
2315	Harley Quinn's multiversal adventures have been killing off multiple heroes before they could ever reach their full potential, with Multiveristy: Harley Screws Up the DCU #4 (by Frank Tieri, Logan Gaerber, Ferran Delgado) revealing how easily Harley could accidently screw up Wonder Woman's origin.
2316	But it turns out Harley Quinn could have wiped out the hero entirely by accident.
2317	After gaining access to multiverse-hopping technology, a version of Harley has been making her way across space and time, preventing the origins of multiple heroes and ensuring a timeline where Starro was able to conquer humanity with relative ease.
2318	When arriving on Themyscira, Harley interrupts Hippolyta's ritual to create a daughter.
2319	It's possible that the warrior race (without the influence of Diana) would have eventually gone to war with the rest of the universe, especially in light of an outsider like Harley destroying their princess.
2320	Animation, recently explained how Harley Quinn's success ultimately led to the creation of Velma.
2321	Per The Hollywood Reporter, Girardi credited Harley Quinn with paving the way for more adult animated content on Max like Velma, which is a reimagining of the Scooby-Doo franchise.
2322	Harley Quinn has received continuous praise from both critics and fans since premiering back in November 2019.
2323	The first season of Velma premiered in January 2023, following the eponymous sleuth, Velma Dinkley, as she tries to solve a mystery regarding the disappearance of her mother, as well as the numerous murders of local teenage girls.
2324	While a release date for Velma Season 2 has not been revealed at this time, Max recently announced when the fourth season of Harley Quinn would premiere.
2325	Kaley Cuoco returns as the voice of the titular Harley, with Lake Bell, Alan Tudyk and Ron Funches also back as Poison Ivy, Clayface and King Shark, respectively.
2326	Serving as Joker's paramour for years, Harley Quinn committed more than her share of murderous mayhem but she put all of that behind her when she got away from the Joker's toxic clutches.
2327	Since then, Harley's become a great hero, but there's still a part of her that is ready for some of the old ultraviolence.
2328	The interesting thing about Harley and the Carnage symbiote is that after some back and forth, Harley would almost certainly take charge of the symbiote.
2329	She was able to overcome the Joker's monstrous influence, and she'd handle the symbiote, too.
2330	She'd use its power to become an even more powerful, and much stranger, hero.
2331	HBO's Harley Quinn Season 4 officially announces a Summer 2023 release date.Per the official Fandom Twitter account, the hotly anticipated fourth season of HBO's Harley Quinn is set to arrive on the recently rechristened Max streaming platform this summer.
2332	Season 4 will see Kaley Cuoco's titular Harley return alongside a cast of fan-favorite characters, including Poison Ivy, Clayface, and King Shark as portrayed by Lake Bell, Alan Tudyk, and Ron Funches, respectively.
2333	Based on the classic DC character of the same name, Harley Quinn debuted in 2019 to rave reviews from critics and audiences, both of whom largely lauded the series for its deep yet irreverent portrayals of iconic comic book heroes and villains.
2334	"Apart from new depictions of the likes of the Legion of Doom and the Dark Knight, the series has shined a spotlight on the romance between Harley and Ivy, a relationship that has been explored along with themes of personal growth, regret, and self-acceptance, particularly in Season 3's ""A Very Problematic Valentine's Day."
2335	In February, showrunners Justin Halpern and Patrick Schumacker commented on Harley Quinn's Valentine's Day special, particularly in regard to how hard they worked to fit as many bad joke they could into the episode.
2336	Shumacker also gave fans an idea of what to look forward to in Harley Quinn Season 4 after the Season 3 finale saw Ivy step into a position of power within the Legion of Doom.
2337	"Schumacker heaped praise upon Peters' work with the series, noting that she ""did an excellent job"" and how Harley Quinn benefited as a whole from her perspective as one of the series' female writers."
2338	Harley Quinn, Cassandra Cain, Big Barda and Zealot are all joining Black Canary's new Birds of Prey team.
2339	Thompson first announced she, Romero, Bellaire and Cowles were working on a Black Canary-led Birds of Prey series on June 5 before gradually revealing the team members over the course of the following week.
2340	"DC said of the new series, ""In Birds of Prey, Dinah Lance is one of the DC Universe’s most elite fighters, and combined with her sonic scream, she’s a fearsome foe in any scenario…but sometimes even the Black Canary needs help."
2341	Faced with a personal mission brought to her by a mysterious new ally, and up against near-impossible odds, she re-forms the Birds of Prey with an unrivaled group—Cassandra Cain, Big Barda, Zealot, and Harley Quinn—with only one goal: extraction of their asset at any cost.
2342	As characters go, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy couldn't be more different.
2343	As Ivy explained to a very confused Crush, the reason she and Harley work as a couple is because they understand that loving someone does not make them whole.
2344	It also how it was instrumental in getting Harley out of her abusive relationship with the Joker.
2345	This conversation occurred because Crush asked if loving Harley made Ivy whole.
2346	To her, love was an additive to the amazing person she already was.
2347	Ivy has never once felt like Harley made her whole because she knows she can survive without Harley, and Harley understands this as well.
2348	The acknowledgment that Harley and Ivy are their own people makes their relationship work because they allow each other to be independent which is something they both needed.
2349	Poison Ivy has been on a cross-country trip as she rediscovers herself and her powers, and Harley has been dealing with the consequences of multiverse shenanigans.
2350	Likewise, this also explains why the relationship was so important to getting Harley away from the Joker.
2351	Granted, they weren't in a relationship at that point in time, but Ivy teaching Harley that she is strong enough to survive on her own was essential for her to disabuse herself fo the notion that loving the Joker somehow completed her.
2352	Harley has never looked back since then, and is arguably in a more emotionally healthy place than some well-established heroes.
2353	In an interesting twist, the romance of Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy isn't just a lesson in what a good relationship looks like, but also one about finding self-confidence and loving oneself.
2354	Harley Quinn's best DC adventures have seen her do amazing things, but none of them stack up to what happened in Heroes in Crisis #2, by writer Tom King and artist Clay Mann.
2355	Wanted for questioning over the murders at the superhero psychiatric center Sanctuary, she found herself facing off against the Trinity of Superman, Wonder Woman, and Batman.
2356	Harley escaped the three greatest heroes on Earth, using her brains and skill to keep them from getting her.
2357	She didn't actually beat any of them in battle, but the fact that she escaped at all was amazing.
2358	Wonder Woman is a warrior and in her many decades of experience, she has had many big wins.
2359	Wonder Woman had been enmeshed in the God of War's plans and finally took the fight to him.
2360	Harley Quinn's accidental multiversal upgrade has already introduced danger to her timeline and has made things significantly worse for another in Harley Quinn #30 (by Tini Howard, Sweeney Boo, and Steve Wands).
2361	It's a reminder that even the best of heroes can find themselves pushed to the brink and cross lines that they can't come back from.
2362	Harley Quinn's current series has been dealing with the fallout of her accidentally gaining the ability to pull objects from time and space throughout the multiverse.
2363	Initially, the biggest consequence of Harley using a mysterious Joker fish to hit Two-Face seemed to be Lady Qwark targeting Harley.
2364	By the time Harley arrives to find a way to make up for what's happened, she discovers a heartbroken and rage-filled Captain Carrot mourning his teammates.
2365	Captain Carrot is acting far more aggressively in the aftermath, lashing out at Harley, opening up the possibility that he might try to murder her.
2366	Captain Carrot being completely broken by Harley's actions could leave Justice Incarnate down a member, which would be a blow to the team's potential.
2367	Whether they are socially and culturally problematic, or provide conundrums when it comes to creating a compelling narrative, these characters have pushed writers into difficult corners.
2368	But when she was first introduced the character was hugely problematic.
2369	Defined by sexist stereotypes of the time, she was a secretary for the Justice Society, rather than a recognized hero of equal standing.
2370	The trajectory for Wonder Woman changed forever when she joined the Justice League though.
2371	Although plenty of talented creators began to tow that line in recent years, Stephanie Phillips's take in 2013's Harley Quinn run that truly set the tone for Ivy's future appearances, alongside her relationship with Quinn herself.
2372	She had a unique millennial voice, with the comic taking a lighter tone that contrasted well with the rest of the Bat-Family.
2373	Harley Quinn has been a popular character for some time, but she always had a genuine lack of agency.
2374	The character was problematic as she played second fiddle to Joker, who clearly abused her.
2375	She had to move away from this partnership to truly thrive.
2376	Quinn realized she should never belong to Joker, but the Clown Prince of Crime saw her as nothing more than his property.
2377	The change in attitude catapulted Quinn forward into a solo series and eventual antihero reinvention.
2378	As a seasoned investigator, Mullein operated a far away outpost where she investigated a murder among an emotionless species.
2379	In the early days of the relaunch of Wonder Woman after Infinite Crisis, Jodi Picoult teamed with Terry Dodson to follow the story of Diana after she killed Maxwell Lord.
2380	Harley Quinn has become a powerhouse of a character at DC Comics, thanks in large part to the work by Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti.
2381	Their Rebirth run was one of the era's best-received comics, and followed Harley in the aftermath of her redemption arc.
2382	Beginning with Harley facing down the zombie apocalypse, the series gave fans a fun comedy-action series that is arguably the Harley's best comic book run since her creation.
2383	Harley Quinn accidentally turns Captain Carrot's world, Earth-26, into a post-apocalyptic wasteland in DC's Harley Quinn #30.
2384	Harley Quinn #30 comes from writer Tini Howard, artist and colorist Sweeney Boo and letterer Steve Wands.
2385	In Harley Quinn #28, Harley mysteriously pulled a cartoon fish from another dimension when she was fighting Two-Face -- an act that Lady Quark later informed her had dire consequences, to the point where Lady Quark threatened to destroy the entire planet should she ever do it again.
2386	Harley later learned this cartoon fish belonged to Captain Carrot on Earth-26 and, in Harley Quinn #30, DC reveals what became of Captain Carrot's planet after the fish was taken.
2387	Right as Captain Carrot was about to strike Backseid with the Vorpal Fish, however, Harley reached it and grabbed it, then giving Backseid an opportunity to kill all of Captain Carrot's friends and plunge the entire world into the apocalypse.
2388	Harley manages to make her way to Earth-26 after building her own cosmic treadmill and comes face-to-face with Captain Carrot, who appears to be one of the last survivors left alive on the planet.
2389	Harley returns the Vorpal Fish to a very angry and defeated Captain Carrot, who lets his guard down for just a minute so he can ask why Harley needed the weapon at the precise time she took it.
2390	Harley, however, is unsure where her newfound powers came from or how she was able to summon the weapon, which then sends Captain Carrot spiraling into an even angrier rage.
2391	You're gonna pay, Harley Quinn!
2392	Harley and Captain Carrot's fight is interrupted after Harley uses a protection spell given to her by Zatanna, which could then potentially alert Lady Quark to Harley's recent actions.
2393	She finds a destroyed house plant that she previously gave Harley lying on the floor (which Harley destroyed in Harley Quinn #29 in order to receive the protection spell from Zatanna) but no other sign of her girlfriend.
2394	Harley Quinn #30 features cover art by Boo and variant cover art by Jenny Frison, David Nakayama and Nimit Malavia.
2395	A preview for DC's Harley Quinn #30 sees Harley learn she's more like Batman than she ever realized.
2396	At the end of Harley Quinn #29, Harley was visited by two figures from Earth-48, who appeared in the form of her two pet hyenas, Bud and Lou.
2397	A preview provided by DC for Harley Quinn #30 sees these figures further explain to Harley how she put the entire multiverse in jeopardy when she accidentally stole a cartoon fish from Earth-26, which is where Captain Carrot lives.
2398	"While Harley is in a state of distress over finding herself mixed up in a multiversal adventure, talking Bud and Lou explain this can only be expected given that Harley's profile is becoming bigger and bigger, to the point where she's become ""Batmened."
2399	Harley points out that, thanks to the cartoon fish fiasco, she now seems to have superpowers she can't control; however, Bud and Lou also point out that Batman has also found himself in that predicament in the past.
2400	Another charming Sherlock Holmes-inspired DC hero, Detective Chimp has surprisingly not teamed up with Batman in The Brave and the Bold.
2401	Since Harley Quinn was an original creation for Batman: The Animated Series, she's too new to have made an appearance in the comic.
2402	The Brave and the Bold is no stranger to villainous crossovers, but given recent developments, a team-up between Batman and Harley would be for heroics.
2403	She's essentially become a Bat-Family member as a hero/antihero figure, and James Tynion IV's Batman run portrayed some believable and fun interactions between them.
2404	One of DC's most popular series, Harley Quinn, proves that DC holds almost no limits when it comes to poking fun at its own characters and the lore of its universe.
2405	Of course, Harley Quinn is far from the first DC series to adapt the comics in such a manner.
2406	Yet, in many ways, it managed to pave the way for the animated Harley Quinn series to follow in its footsteps and pull off its self-parodying humor with equal success.
2407	Harley Quinn's foul-mouthed and comically violent take on the DC universe takes full advantage over modern TV's relaxed censorship rules, and aims directly at the adult members of its wide fan base.
2408	It knows exactly what kind of show it wants to be and isn't afraid to re-imagine certain characters for the sake of comedy, or Harley Quinn mercilessly poke fun at other adaptions.
2409	Similar to how Batman's humor came from the story formula and tropes of the Silver Age, Harley Quinn takes the chaotic violence and wit of the titular character's comics and amplifies those elements.
2410	"Episodes showing Harley and friends accidentally crashing a Bar Mitzvah, or becoming publicly ""canceled"" over inappropriate remarks rather than an actual crime enriches its humor."
2411	Another way Harley Quinn capitalizes on the standards set by the 1960s Batman series is its comedic use of lesser-known villains.
2412	For an excellent case in point, Harley Quinn has taken full advantage of the conceptual absurdity of characters like Kite-Man and Sy Borgman.
2413	Kite-Man famously debuted during DC's Silver Age (incidentally named Charles Brown) while Sy Borgman was created by Jimmy Palmiotti, Amanda Conner, Chad Hardin and Stéphane Roux for their New 52 run of the Harley Quinn comic.
2414	Not only do both characters thrive on self-parody in the source material, but the Harley Quinn TV series alters their personalities just enough to make the show's comedic style far more memorable than they ever were in the comics.
2415	On the whole, both Adam West's Batman and Harley Quinn have shown that within the DC Multiverse, even the characters that seem the most dark can be the most humorous.
2416	However, without the 1960s Batman TV show setting the standard for self-parodying humor, it's unlikely that the road would've been paved for the Harley Quinn TV series to exist in its current form.
2417	Harley Quinn doesn't laugh as much as her on-again, off-again boyfriend, the Joker, but she is known to let out her own laughs when she is bashing bad guys or heroes, depending on which version of Harley fans are reading.
2418	No matter what side of evil Harley is on, she always finds joy in combat and laughs through many fights.
2419	She also makes snarky comments that she finds hilarious but others find annoying.
2420	Harley Quinn makes herself laugh more than anyone else, but her laughter also marks her mental health.
2421	The more she laughs, the more heartless Harley becomes.
2422	Much like the Joker and Harley Quinn, Madcap's laughter hints at how he is fairing mentally, and the more he laughs, the worse he is.
2423	Harley Quinn and Iron Man/Tony Stark get romantic in Chad Hardin's non-canonical crossover artwork.
2424	Hardin, who is known for illustrating DC's Harley Quinn for many years, posted the Iron Man crossover artwork on Twitter.
2425	The image sees Tony and Harley romantically embracing one another as they hover in the air and prepare to kiss.
2426	Check out my latest artwork featuring an unexpected romance: Iron Man and Harley Quinn!
2427	While Hardin's artwork is non-canonical given Iron Man and Harley Quinn exist in two separate comic universes, both characters have found themselves in dangerous situations in their respective solo series.
2428	Harley, meanwhile, has found herself with little to do ever since her girlfriend, Pamela Isley, left Gotham City and embarked on her own adventure in G. Willow Wilson and Marcio Takara's Poison Ivy series.
2429	After getting into a deadly prank war with Two-Face and then becoming a teacher at Gotham Community College in Harley Quinn #28 (by Tini Howard, Sweeney Boo and Steve Wands), Harley accidentally put the entire DC Universe in jeopardy after she pulled a cartoon fish out of another dimension.
2430	"This caused Lady Quark to warn Harley she's on the brink of causing a ""potential crisis,"" to the point where Lady Quark threatened to destroy the entire planet if Harley ever uses her unusual new power again."
2431	If her talents were not impressive enough, she manages to escape the clutches of Batman, a rarity in DC lore, and left him smitten.
2432	The coolly designed yet narratively brutal Anti-Monitor was immediately established as the big bad of the DC multiverse due to his penchant for wiping out realities.
2433	While she has been portrayed as an anti-hero, she has also been written as a straight-up villain.
2434	By putting her in such a high position and backing her up with the likes of the talented Rick Flag, Waller is established as a power player with a morally ambiguous plan.
2435	Harley Quinn started life in Batman: The Animated Series.
2436	It was incredibly rare for such an iconic character to be established on screen before making their way to the comics, but Joker's right-hand woman was instantly popular thanks to her bizarre antics and unique personality.
2437	The Batman Adventures #12 in 1993 was her first non-canon comic appearance, but it was Harley Quinn #1 in 1999 that brought her firmly into the DC Universe.
2438	The Scarecrow has been firmly established in DC's continuity thanks to his use of fear gas which messes with the minds of his victims.
2439	Harley Quinn ironically murders Barry Allen/The Flash by dumping too many dangerous chemicals on him in DC's Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3.
2440	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3 comes from writer Frank Tieri, artist Logan Faerber and letterer Ferran Delgado.
2441	The six-issue limited series revolves around Harley Quinn finding a time machine hidden away on Coney Island and using it to re-write DC history so that all of the major superheroes never became superheroes at all.
2442	This allows Starro to take over the world and, in Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3, Harley begins working with a version of herself from another timeline to travel back in time to re-create heroes such as Superman, Wonder Woman and The Flash.
2443	In Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3, Harley tells her other version about how she un-heroed the heroes, first starting with a story about how she stole the rocket intended to bring baby Kal-El to Earth.
2444	Later, she also explains how she traveled back in time to witness Barry Allen's origin as the Flash.
2445	While Barry originally became the Flash after a bolt of lightning caused a number of chemicals to be spilled on him, Harley (who is dressed in a mermaid costume) interferes and causes even more unspecified liquids to be spilled on him.
2446	"These chemicals immediately burned Barry's skin to the point where it kills him, leading Harley to comment that he's ""just a little well done."
2447	In an effort to bring Flash back into DC continuity, Harley and her other version travel back in time to Flash's origins again to try to undo what went wrong.
2448	The story continues in June 13, 2023's Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #4.
2449	"The synopsis for the issue reads, ""How can Harley stop herself from screwing up the timeline if her future self has already screwed it all up?"
2450	First she discovered she totally stopped Superman and the Flash from ever existing, and now she’s finding out that she totally time-traveled right over Wonder Woman’s and Aquaman’s origins too!
2451	Harley has to stop Harley, or at least try to put the pieces of the DCU she’s broken back together again.
2452	With a time machine and a tough, scary, alternate-universe Harley at her side, maybe—just maybe—she can make things right again.
2453	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3 features cover art by Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti and variant cover art by Karl Mostert and Dawn Brown.
2454	Fan-favorite Batman: The Animated Series villain Harley Quinn is set to return as a high-end action figure, courtesy of Mondo.
2455	Mondo recently unveiled the Batman: The Animated Series Harley Quinn 1/6 Scale Figure via the Mondo Shop website.
2456	A timed edition of Batman: The Animated Series Harley Quinn 1/6 Scale Figure will also go on sale for one week that features exclusive extras, including Harley's pet hyenas, Bud and Lou.
2457	Batman: The Animated Series Harley Quinn 1/6 Scale Figure is available for pre-order on May 9, 2023, and carries an RRP of $185 ($200 for the timed edition).
2458	In possession of a time machine and messing with DC Comics' continuity, Harley Quinn steals Superman's rocket that was supposed to take him to Earth, effectively killing the Man of Steel, in a preview of Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3.
2459	In the six-issue miniseries so far, Harley has come in possession of a time machine she found hidden away on Coney Island.
2460	She's since used the device to go back in time and accidentally un-heroed DC's most iconic superheroes, then giving Starro the opportunity it needed to rise to power and take over the world.
2461	In Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #2, Harley embarks on a quest with a version of herself from another timeline to restore the DC Universe back to its proper continuity.
2462	To do this, Harley was sent back in time to Krypton to make sure baby Kal-El makes it off the planet in time; however, things immediately go amiss in the preview for Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3.
2463	While Harley correctly pinpointed the time in which she was supposed to arrive on Krypton, the preview sees her time machine crash into the rocket intended to bring Kal-El to Earth.
2464	She then proceeds to trip over a piece of machinery and accidentally locks herself in the rocket, which then flies her to Earth instead of Superman.
2465	The last page of the preview sees Harley being adopted by Jonathan and Martha Kent (which only lasted for a month before they checked themselves into a retirement home) while Kal-El was stuck on Krypton with Jor-El and Lara when Krypton blew up.
2466	Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #3 features cover art by Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti and variant cover art by Tyler Kirkham, Alejandro Sánchez, Karl Mostert and Dan Brown.
2467	While these rumors have not been confirmed, it was recently reported that even if she does play the Invisible Woman, she will continue to play her iconic antihero in the DC Universe.
2468	According to scooper Daniel Richtman, Robbie will continue to play Harley Quinn in the DC Universe, regardless of whether or not she plays Sue Storm in the MCU.
2469	"She stated outright, ""I am not in Fantastic Four."
2470	Though she added she knows who will be in the film.
2471	Joker and Harley Quinn officially get engaged in Batman & The Joker: The Deadly Duo #7.
2472	Harley also expresses her joy at the Joker finally giving her a ring after Amanda Simms, the villain of the series, played with her emotions and convinced her that she was meaningless to the Crown Prince of Crime.
2473	Harley spent most of Batman & The Joker: The Deadly Duo in Simms' underground lair in captivity.
2474	The series' seventh issue reveals that she was taken as a hostage to ensure that Joker would form an unlikely partnership with Batman and lead the Dark Knight into the depths of Simms' hideout.
2475	As a reward for his cooperation, Joker was promised the safety of Harley Quinn and also the key to a lockbox containing all of the facts that Simms had discovered on Batman, including the truth of his secret identity.
2476	While Joker appears genuinely glad to have Harley back in his clutches by the end of the issue, it is revealed that he doesn't care about Batman's identity at all.
2477	Batman & The Joker: The Deadly Duo's continuity features several concepts that are no longer en vogue in mainstream Batman comics, including Batgirl's popular Burnside outfit, an alive Alfred Pennyworth and a blossoming relationship between Joker and Harley.
2478	The pair have not been a consistent item since the start of DC's New 52 reboot in 2011, and Harley has since served with the Suicide Squad and become a respected member of the Bat Family.
2479	Joker, meanwhile, has found a new female friend in the form of Punchline, who possesses a sadistic mean streak surpassing Harley at her worst.
2480	Superman proposes marriage several times, but since Lori's time on Earth is up, she is forced to decline marriage and return to the ocean, leaving many fans to wonder what could have been if they had stayed together longer.
2481	Once Starfire's memory returned, she quickly reasoned that her marriage to Nightwing was illegal.
2482	Despite their potential, once the hero and villain became at odds, Hal and Carol's romance was abruptly dashed.
2483	Alas, when Harley Quinn decided to go straight and become a hero in Harley Quinn #10 by Stephanie Phillips, Laura Braga, and Arif Prianto, the seductive sirens ended their coupledom way too fast.
2484	In the end, Harley and Ivy attend a museum gala on a date, where Ivy wants to steal a valuable diamond.
2485	Given her moral makeover, Harley fundamentally disagrees with Ivy's criminal intent and breaks up with Ivy on the spot despite expressing how much she cares for her.
2486	There are few couples in comics as toxic as Harley Quinn and Joker.
2487	After falling under Joker's charm and manipulations, Harley found herself just another of his many victims.
2488	While she has occasionally gone back to him, it's about time to put an end to it completely.
2489	The best Harley Quinn stories revolve around her learning to move on from Joker.
2490	Going back to Joker would just drag down Harley's character even more.
2491	Moving on from the Joker means she can grow.
2492	Wanda may not have been in her right mind, but Vision is well within his rights to want nothing to do with her after she slaughtered his friends.
2493	The two have repeatedly clashed over their powers, a lack of trust, and different plans for their future.
2494	Arsenal has regularly had his brushes with villainy.
2495	She has gone from computer scientist to ninja to British superhero back to bartender to pirate and then back to being a ninja.
2496	When she's alive, the two just can't stop fighting.
2497	While all fans have their own opinions about the franchise's best work, Rotten Tomatoes has compiled data on a wide array of shows, from Batman: The Animated Series to HBO Max's Harley Quinn.
2498	HBO's Harley Quinn quickly became one of the best animated DC series of modern television.
2499	Harley Quinn fans love this new animated series, appreciating the bold storytelling that fleshes out complex characters like Harley, Poison Ivy, and Clayface while still capturing their supervillain personas.
2500	Adult animated series are an acquired taste, known for their crude nature, but Harley Quinn enters the genre with exceptional voice actors, a solid storyline, and a lot of over-the-top laughs.
2501	From General Zod to Harley Quinn, the most notorious DC villains have superfluous powers that do not significantly affect their actions.
2502	A constant thorn in Batman's side, Harley Quinn has become exponentially popular thanks to the big-screen portrayals by Margot Robbie.
2503	Once ingesting Poison Ivy's serum, Harley developed superhuman powers that include agility, durability, reflexes, stamina, strength, and toxic immunity.
2504	She also gained the power to breathe underwater, something she's only used once.
2505	In Harley Quinn #30 by A.J.
2506	Lieberman, Mike Huddleston, Troy Nixey, Alex Sinclair, and Sean Konot, Harley is nearly drowned in a pool by Mr. Dane.
2507	Harley survives and claims the Poison Ivy Serum made from Portuguese Aquavilla vines gave her the ability to breathe underwater interminably.
2508	Never seen again, Harley's useless superpower is likely no longer canon following the New 52 and DC Rebirth continuity wipes.
2509	Chlorkinesis enables Poison Ivy to manipulate green plants and trees, which she once used to defeat Clayface by smashing him with a tree.
2510	She also used the power to bring down a skyscraper with vines.
2511	If Poison Ivy can defeat enemies with her toxic kisses and manipulate all plant life, the last thing she needs or wants to do is crawl the walls.
2512	The fastest man alive has pushed his capabilities to the extreme, and it's impossible to know where else he could take his ability.
2513	Black Canary has always been a brilliant partner for Green Arrow, but she too has made her way to teams like the Justice League off the back of a single ability.
2514	Renee Montoya inherited the name of the Question and has used the mysterious identity to lurk in the shadows, solving crimes as only she can.
2515	The character's detective abilities are the core skill that she uses in the field.
2516	Harley Quinn is one of DC's most newsworthy antiheroes.
2517	She might have spent most of her publishing life as a straight-up villain, but she has taken her core skill and ensured that she has turned over a new leaf, as an adjacent vigilante to the Bat-Family and a powerful force to be reckoned with.
2518	Quinn's ability is simple to explain: she is a pure athlete.
2519	She has always evaded danger with her flexibility and has identified specialist attacks she can apply that take advantage of her unique acrobatic background.
2520	She might wield a hammer and a bat as weapons, but her true power is that agility.
2521	It seems unusual to even class firearm use as a power, but Hex has genuinely pushed heroes like Batman to the limit just because of his old-school skill set.
2522	Far from just an influential sidekick to throwback heroes, Hex has been an antihero and Sheriff worthy of his own title with just a gun.
2523	Harley Quinn has had a tumultuous history as the Joker's sidekick.
2524	In recent years, she has broken free from the Joker's control and become her own woman.
2525	DC Comics has embraced this by giving her a variety of comics to showcase Harley Quinn's unique story and larger-than-life personality, making her one of the most colorful and entertaining characters in Batman's world.
2526	These stories can be found on DC Universe Infinite, perfect for fans who want to dive into Harley Quinn's history.
2527	This young adult graphic novel is a perfect start for younger fans looking to learn about Harley Quinn.
2528	It features Harley and the Joker as high school students, and explores Harley's new relationship dynamic with this alternative Joker.
2529	Featuring a diverse cast (including a young Poison Ivy) Breaking Glass effortlessly gets to the core of Harley's character and is a great introduction for anyone looking to learn more about Harley Quinn.
2530	Following the success of the popular DC film Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn), DC offered up a comic book adventure for Harley Quinn, Black Canary, Huntress and Renee Montoya.
2531	Harley Quinn and the Birds of Prey features all primary characters from the film, including Batgirl Cassandra Cain.
2532	Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti, the creative team behind the 2013 Harley Quinn series, returned to the character to produce this fun romp through Gotham.
2533	The creative team of Stephanie Phillips and Riley Rossmo team up to give Harley Quinn her much-deserved redemption arc.
2534	In the fourth volume of Harley Quinn, released in 2021, Harley is looking to make up for her past crimes and involvement with the Joker.
2535	It features major characters such as Poison Ivy and explores Harley's tentative truce with Batman.
2536	Harleen is a dark exploration of Harley Quinn's unique psyche and explores her downfall from respected psychiatrist to crazed killer clown.
2537	Stjepan Šejić masterfully details how Harleen Quinzel becomes entangled with the Joker and becomes the villainous Harley Quinn.
2538	Readers will come to empathize with Harley as she makes the wrong choice, again and again — simply because she has fallen under the Joker's spell.
2539	Harleen is one woman's descent into chaos and is quintessential reading for Harley Quinn fans.
2540	The triumphant trio of Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and Catwoman returns in Gotham City Sirens, a series that ran for 26 issues between 2009 and 2011.
2541	The storylines of this series see Harley and Ivy team up to support Selina after a rough run-in with the villain Hush.
2542	Harley shines in this comic as it showcases not only her wicked smarts, but her compassionate heart.
2543	Harley undergoes a complicated arc during this story, but fans will find writers Paul Dini, Tony Bedard, and Peter Calloway give her the opportunity to shine.
2544	This 1999 one-shot presents Harley Quinn's earliest origin story, and plants the beginnings of her twisted relationship with the Joker.
2545	It also gives Harley one of her earliest interactions with the other significant love of her life, Poison Ivy.
2546	One of Harley's creators, Paul Dini, writes this intricate story with dynamic art from Yvel Guichet that offers fans everything they could want to know about Harley's early days in her black and red jester costume.
2547	It is a vital read for those who want to understand Harley's beginnings.
2548	Batman and Harley Quinn serves as a sequel to the 2017 animated film of the same name.
2549	It follows Harley as she strikes out on her own to seek revenge for her mistreatment at the Joker's hands.
2550	A fantastic read for fans of the movie and the DCAU as a whole, this story gives Harley Quinn some independence.
2551	Released digitally after the film, this anthology gives readers a Harley Quinn who deeply desires to be her own woman.
2552	Fans have found this story to be deeply emotional in nature as Harley struggles with staying villainous, following Batman and becoming a hero, or finding herself somewhere in-between.
2553	Running from 2019 to 2020, this six-issue miniseries was a fan-favorite Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy comic.
2554	The two women are at odds in this story as Harley tries to care for Ivy after the latter's resurrection.
2555	Jody Houser's effective writing explores why Harley and Ivy make such a fantastic duo when they work together.
2556	Harley and Ivy, likewise, are rendered stunningly in these beautiful pages.
2557	As a collection of various tales by seasoned Harley Quinn writers, Black + White + Red tells a series of connected stories about the Maid of Mischief herself.
2558	From the talented Stjepan Šejić comes a tale of Harley Quinn's time as a patient in Arkham Asylum, while focusing on psychoanalysis of her fractured mind.
2559	Told in a mostly monochrome palette with accents of Harley's signature red, Black + White + Red is a must-read for any fan of Harley Quinn.
2560	Fans of the acclaimed Harley Quinn animated series will be delighted to learn there is a comic book continuation set in between seasons two and three, entitled The Eat.
2561	Written by Tee Franklin with art by Max Sarin, Marissa Louise and Taylor Esposito, the story follows Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy's early forays into a romantic relationship, and was well-received for its LGBT representation and depictions of sapphic solidarity.
2562	Both series expand upon the emotional journey Harley experiences throughout the events of the animated series.
2563	This experimental venture is composed of six one-shot stories, centering around Harley Quinn, Cyborg, Superman, Zatanna, Joker and Lobo respectively, ranging from slice-of-life moments to extraordinary capers.
2564	Across the short stories of DC Silent Tales #1, Harley Quinn assembles her hammer with the help of a hardware store clerk, Cyborg tries to relax and listen to a new record despite Gizmo's attempts to take advantage of the situation, Superman ends a giant bug rampage, but his lack of home disposal diversity inadvertently causes another disaster, Zatanna adopts a bunny named after The Great Beast 666, the Joker vandalizes an American masterpiece, and Lobo battles Nazi vampires.
2565	Frank Tieri, Logan Faerber and Ferran Delgado are back for Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU #2, and like the first issue in the series, this installment has many of the same issues, as well as the same praises.
2566	Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 picks up where the first left off, with Harley meeting an alternate version of herself in this apocalyptic version of her world run by Starro.
2567	After giving the main Harley a rundown on how this nightmare began, readers learn that Harley's multiverse hopping led to key characters never taking up their superhero identities, leaving the planet vulnerable.
2568	Off the back, Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 plays with the idea of different versions of classic heroes more so than the first issue.
2569	Tieri scratches the surface of the potential there is for reinventing these beloved characters, starting with Harley.
2570	What prompts Harleen Quinzel to become Harley Quinn here is entirely different from her usual origin.
2571	This concept kicks the door wide open for a new take on Harley.
2572	At the moment, she still feels too similar to the main Harley, even with her apocalyptic get up.
2573	Similarly, Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 teases how this chaotic duo will revisit fan favorite heroes' origin stories in hopes of setting things right.
2574	What makes readers want Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 to commit to its premise is the art.
2575	This contrast captures the chaos of Harley, and it gives Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 a twisted Saturday morning cartoon feel akin to Happy Tree Friends.
2576	Plus, with Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 relying heavily on DC's past -- specifically 1955's The Brave and the Bold #28 -- these warm colors make the comic feel nostalgic.
2577	While its fun to have Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 reference the past, the comic relies too much on nostalgia and references.
2578	On top of comics, Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 references movies from the DCU, like Birds of Prey, Batman & Robin and The Suicide Squad, as well as sci-fi films like Back to the Future.
2579	However, by referencing so many other stories, the humor of Harley Screws Up the DCU Issue #2 feels dated.
2580	Tieri takes the tulle of threes too literally in Harley Screws Up the DCU #2.
2581	The sound effects capture the zaniness of Harley through bright colors and a wide range of fonts.
2582	Harley Screws Up the DCU #2 continues to promise a unique take on Harley and other DC characters.
2583	"DC Studios co-head James Gunn addressed a recent rumor that the DC Universe had plans for a Harley Quinn prequel series.On Twitter, Gunn was asked by a user if there was any truth to a report about the supposed series called Harleen, to which Gunn answered, ""There is not."
2584	"According to the report, the non-existent show -- whose title references Harley's real name, Harleen Quinzel -- was sold as ""the story of how [Harley's] need to save the Joker led to her mind being shattered"" and that Two-Face would have a part in it."
2585	The report also claimed that DCU veteran and Harley Quinn actor Margot Robbie would return, though the project wouldn't be set in the same world as Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
2586	While he disproved this rumor, Gunn had confirmed in 2022 that Harley would return to the DCU, albeit without specifying when or where this would happen.
2587	"Prior to that, Gunn revealed in 2021 that he ""definitely would"" make a Harley Quinn solo movie."
2588	Later that same year, the filmmaker stated that Harley deserved to share the spotlight with DC's Trinity and other characters.
2589	"For me, Harley Quinn belongs on the wall next to Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Captain America, Spider-Man, Hulk,"" he remarked at the time."
2590	Harley was pretty incredibly written by Paul Dini from the beginning, and so to be able to capture the essence of that character — her chaotic, sweet nature — and give her her due as the trickster and allow her to go wherever she wants, was surprising even to me as a writer.
2591	As for the character who gave the world Harley Quinn, Batman, the Dark Knight will also be a part of the DCU, starring in a movie called The Brave and the Bold.
2592	It remains unclear when Harley Quinn will return to the DCU.
2593	Batman: The Adventures Continue forces Harley Quinn back into Amanda Waller's world, whether she likes it or not.
2594	Official previews for Batman: The Adventures Continue Season Three #4 tease Harley confronting her old boss during a girls' night with Baby Doll, Roxy Rocket and March Harriet, all while Batman evades a fall caused by a mysterious assailant.
2595	When Harley refuses Waller's request, she has Suicide Squad members Boomerang, Katana and King Shark attack her friends, leading to a massive brawl.
2596	Diedrich Bader, who first portrayed Batman in 2008's Batman: The Brave and the Bold, currently voices him in HBO Max's ongoing Harley Quinn series.
2597	Harley Quinn's classic costume returns in the first look at her brand-new anthology sequel series, Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder.
2598	Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder is a sequel to 2017's Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red anthology series.
2599	"Artwork shown off by DC for the new series, which releases in July 2023, shows Harley in her classic jester costume that originally debuted in Batman: The Animated Series when the character, created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm, debuted in the ""Joker's Favorite"" episode released in 1992."
2600	The debut issue of the six-issue Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder limited series sees Batman's Chip Zdarsky and Justice League International's Kevin Maguire team-up for a story that sees Harley and Poison Ivy invade Superman's Fortress of Steel.
2601	X-Terminator's Leah Williams and DC Power: A Celebration's Natacha Bustos, meanwhile, will dive into Harley's past while actor Paul Scheer, Impractical Jokers' Nick Giovannetti and Tom Reilly will craft a story that sees Harley working with the Joker's original sidekick, Gaggy Gagsworth.
2602	Along with Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder, Harley is continuing to star in her own solo series -- which recently launched a new storyline from creative team Tini Howard and Sweeney Boo -- throughout 2023.
2603	The most recent issue was Harley Quinn #28, which revealed Harley has accidentally put the entire planet in jeopardy after demonstrating a new ability to pull items from other dimensions.
2604	The story continues in Harley Quinn #29, which release on April 25, 2023.
2605	And now she's gotta use magic and travel the Multiverse and deal with...cartoon fish and higher beings?
2606	Also featuring another very special in-continuity dream of Harley Quinn as told by the two individuals who know me bestest of all...my hyenas, Bud and Lou!
2607	Harley is also currently stuck in a parallel world in Multiversity: Harley Screws Up the DCU, a limited series from Frank Tieri and Logan Faerber.
2608	The first two issues of the series have seen Harley become stuck in a world overrun by Starro after she accidentally messed around with time-travel and de-powered all of the DC Universe's most powerful players, such as Superman, Batman, etc.
2609	"Harley Quinn: Black + White + Redder #1 features cover art by Bruno Redondo and variant cover art by Stanley ""Artgerm"" Lau, Guillem March, Reilly and Maguire."
2610	Gaga, who is set to star as Dr. Harleen Quinzel, aka Harley Quinn, in Todd Phillip's upcoming Joker sequel, replaces Robbie's Barbie in the image.
2611	Robbie is the only other actor to have portrayed a live-action Harley Quinn on the big screen, having debuted as the character in 2016's Suicide Squad.
2612	She reprised the role in 2020's Birds of Prey and James Gunn's standalone sequel to Suicide Squad, titled The Suicide Squad, which released in 2021.
2613	Since it was announced that Gaga would portray Harley Quinn, DC fans have debated on which actor will make the better Harley Quinn.
2614	Joker: Folie a Deux recently wrapped filming in April, which Phillips announced alongside a photo of Gaga's Harley Quinn in full clown makeup.
2615	"Robbie has already offered her support for Gaga in the iconic role, saying in October 2022 that she viewed Harley Quinn as a ""Macbeth or Batman"" type of character who is ""passed...from great actor to great actor."
2616	Plot details for Folie à Deux remain scarce, the musical sequel to 2019's Joker will in part take place in Gotham City's Arkham State Asylum and focus on the romance between Harley Quinn and Joaquin Phoenix's Arthur Fleck/Joker.
2617	A new set video from Joker: Folie à Deux shows Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn sealing a Joker protestor's fate with a kiss.
2618	Michal Blank shared the video on Instagram, featuring Gaga's Harleen Quinzel ascending the steps of what appears to be a Gotham City courthouse surrounded by a mixed crowd of Joker supporters and detractors.
2619	"On her way, Quinzel is accosted by a woman holding a newspaper and saying, ""You are going to hell."
2620	"In response, Quinzel approaches the woman, kisses her and supposedly replies, ""You're coming with me."
2621	"One such image offered a closer look at the copy of the Gotham Examiner newspaper the woman in the scene is holding, which features a picture of Arthur Fleck from his talk show appearance in the first film with Harley's Arkham State Hospital mugshot and the headline ""Crazy In Love."
2622	"Another video taken at the iconic staircase from the first Joker teases another musical number from Gaga, in which she appears to sing either ""That's Entertainment"" or ""Be a Clown."
2623	Joker 2 is still more than a year away from movie screens, but fans are already debating who is the better Harley Quinn between Gaga and her predecessor, Margot Robbie.
2624	"It makes me so happy,"" she stated."
2625	I said from the very beginning all I want is for Harley Quinn to be one of those characters the way Macbeth or Batman always gets passed, you know, from great actor to great actor.
2626	I think she'll do something incredible with it.
2627	DC fans are already starting to debate who is the better Harley Quinn between Margot Robbie and Lady Gaga, who is set to debut her version of the iconic character in Joker: Folie a Deux.While some suggest that Robbie should've been the one cast to star alongside Joaquin Phoenix in the movie, others appear very intrigued by Gaga's take on the character.
2628	While Robbie has played a fun, goofy Harley in three DC films, the Folie a Deux images suggest Gaga is exploring a much grittier side of the character.
2629	After Joker: Folie a Deux recently wrapped filming and director Todd Phillips celebrated with an eerie photo of Gaga's Harley Quinn.
2630	As more photos and videos of Gaga's portrayal of Harley Quinn release online, many DC fans are suggesting that this role will garner her similar attention and accolades from the major award shows, something Robbie has not yet received for her portrayal of the character.
2631	While certain fans seem adamant on comparing Robbie and Gaga's performances as Harley Quinn, Robbie has previously stated that she is ecstatic someone else is getting the opportunity to play the role.
2632	I said from the very beginning all I want is for Harley Quinn to be one of those characters the way Macbeth or Batman always gets passed, you know, from great actor to great actor.
2633	Robbie added that this usually does not happen with female characters, so she is hopeful that this will start a trend that other actors can continue.
2634	While Jack Napier is the loving partner of Harleen Quinzel, AKA Harley Quinn, the Joker is the Batman villain familiar to fans, whose crimes include torturing Jason Todd and unleashing Azrael on Gotham City, the latter leading to the deaths of several Batman rogues.
2635	Despite Jack being the father of Harley's twin children, Jackie and Bryce, Harley was forced to kill him in Batman: Curse of the White Knight.
2636	The two are joining forces for Generation Joker after penning the spinoffs Batman: White Knight Presents - Harley Quinn and Batman: White Knight Presents - Red Hood, respectively.
2637	CBR: Katana, you wrote Batman: White Knight Presents - Harley Quinn, and Clay, you wrote Batman: White Knight Presents - Red Hood.
2638	[Jackie and Bryce] are now at this age where they're wanting to discover themselves and figure out who they are outside of being Harley and Joker's children.
2639	Harley's always been a standout in the White Knight Universe, but she's been left out of this road trip.
2640	Collins: Poor, poor Harley.
2641	This mama can't catch a break, can she?
2642	She is left out of the family road trip.
2643	But if anyone knows Harley, she's not gonna be left out for long.
2644	She is certainly not gonna let some A.I.
2645	So she is on the case, and she is going after them.
2646	The last time we saw them was in the Harley Quinn miniseries, where they were maybe a couple?
2647	McCormack: What I could add to that is, if you're a fan of Neo Joker, I think you can look at the first volume of White Knight, the Harley Quinn miniseries, and this as a mini trilogy, if you will, for her character.
2648	She has definitely gone on an evolution through those first two chapters, and that evolution continues here.
2649	From the moment you see her, things have changed because she's got a whole new design and a different... What's the best way to put it?
2650	She cares about different things now.
2651	I think Neo has some really interesting things going on in this story that allow her a little bit of fleshing out that she hasn't quite gotten up to this point.
2652	I just think that there's a lot going on, and she's a very big piece of the Batman story to just feed into the other stuff he had going on.
2653	Is she an older version of the Selina Kyle that you know?
2654	Or is she a completely new character more suited to be a Catwoman who comes from the White Knight Universe?
2655	I would love to do a White Knight Zatanna book because, much like Catwoman, she's been pretty absent.
2656	Who is she?
2657	Where does she fit into this?
2658	Did she and Bruce have a relationship when they were younger, like in the cartoon?
2659	Phillips took to Instagram to celebrate the end of filming by sharing a brand-new image of Lady Gaga as Dr. Harleen Quinzel, aka Harley Quinn.
2660	The still apparently takes place after the character adopts the latter moniker, with Harleen sporting jester-like black makeup around her eyes, as well as red lipstick.
2661	She also appears to be standing in the elevator of Arthur Fleck/Joker's apartment building, mirroring the iconic shot of the Clown Prince of Crime from the final act of 2019's Joker.
2662	The upcoming sequel continues the story by offering a new take on the notorious, twisted romance between the Joker and Harley Quinn, with the Clown Prince of Crime drawing the psychiatrist into his cult of personality.
2663	Lady Gaga, an Oscar winner in her own right, joins the fray as Dr. Quinzel.
2664	Harley Quinn has previously been played in live-action by Mia Sara in the short-lived television series Birds of Prey (2002-2003) and, more recently, by Margot Robbie in the DC Extended Universe films Suicide Squad (2016), Birds of Prey (2020) and The Suicide Squad (2021).
2665	A new Joker: Folie à Deux set video just surfaced online that reveals the upcoming sequel will give Harley Quinn (Lady Gaga) her own staircase-based musical number.
2666	It shows Gaga in costume as Quinn, belting out a tune as she dances near the top of the same outdoor stairs featured in the first Joker movie.
2667	Harley's staircase antics aren't the only images of the character currently doing the rounds online, either.
2668	Aside from an official first look at Harley opposite the Joker posted on Instagram by director Todd Phillips, several other, not-so-official photos also have emerged on social media.
2669	This includes a series of snaps showcasing Quinn in her civilian identity, Harleen Quinzel, in front of what appears to be a Gotham City courthouse.
2670	These pics also include close-ups of a newspaper prop that confirms key details about Harley Quinn's backstory in the upcoming sequel.
2671	There have been several photos of Harley Quinn's lover (and Joker: Folie à Deux protagonist) Arthur Fleck shared on various platforms, as well.
2672	The pictures were certainly buzz-worthy, but Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn costume was actually pretty familiar to fans of The WB's Birds of Prey.Not too long ago, it was announced that the Academy Award-winning movie Joker was getting a sequel.
2673	Second, this film will include the well-known companion to the Clown Prince of Gotham, Harley Quinn, and Lady Gaga will be stepping into those pigtails.
2674	While Harley Quinn is best known for her iconic red and black, diamond-printed jester costume, recent adaptations have moved away from the costume style for Harley's fashion.
2675	Still, Robbie's adaptation isn't the first nor last Harley to dress semi-normal, as recent production pictures from Joker: Folie à Deux show Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn wearing casual clothing.
2676	Her black skirt, red, quilted blazer, black and white diamond printed blouse and similarly patterned pantyhose definitely call back to the iconic jester costume worn by Harley in many comics.
2677	However, fans of the wide repertoire of Harley Quinn adaptations may recognize the style from the early 2000s series, Birds of Prey.
2678	In the short-lived series, Harley Quinn is played by Mia Sara, who is perhaps best recognized for her role as Sloane in the beloved Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
2679	Luckily for the citizens, a trio of new heroes and feminist icons rise up and attempt to protect the city from threats like Dr. Harleen Quinzel herself.
2680	The show features plenty of classic Y2K-era clothing that's bold and eccentric, but Harley's style is the most memorable.
2681	Aside from the gorgeous clothes, taking inspiration from Sara's Harley can bring plenty of charm to the upcoming Joker sequel.
2682	Harley Quinn has appeared in many adaptations over the years, and it's fair to say that she's usually portrayed as bubbly, high-energy, and even as a bit of a ditz.
2683	Despite her psychiatric background, she's often identified by her looks rather than her intelligence.
2684	She's extremely calculating in this adaptation, using her role in psychiatry as a cover to get closer to her goal of taking control of New Gotham.
2685	She's a master manipulator, presumably due to her extensive knowledge of psychology and the minds of criminals.
2686	There's no questioning that Harley Quinn is really smart, but there aren't very many adaptations that highlight this in the way Sara's performance does.
2687	She brings a little more of Dr. Harleen Quinzel to the role, giving the harlequin another layer beyond her tumultuous relationship with the Clown Prince of Crime.
2688	But more exciting than these unique creative choices was the addition of Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn.
2689	Ultimately, the film was more about the essence and tone of Joker as a character and less about whether he fits into an established canon.
2690	But with Harley Quinn looking like a loose representation of her comic counterpart and likely following a similar origin, it could hinder the mystique of the series.
2691	Joker: Folie à Deux's Harley Quinn, based on the snippets of information provided, may still follow the same storyline as her comic counterpart, unlike Arthur Fleck, whose origin was totally new.
2692	And coupled with her iconic outfit and make-up, it'll be hard to see how this Harley would break the mold or appear different from any that came before.
2693	In doing so, it risks taking the mystery and intrigue the past movie established and may tie too heavily into the source material, making it yet another Joker and Harley love story.
2694	Nevertheless, Todd Phillips has proven before that he can bring uniqueness to these characters and may do so again with Harley Quinn.
2695	Harley Quinn accidentally punches a hole through the DC Multiverse and risks destroying the entire planet in DC's Harley Quinn #28.
2696	"Harley Quinn #28, which officially welcomes Harley to the ""Dawn of DC"" era, comes from writer Tini Howard, artist and colorist Sweeney Boo and letterer Steve Wands."
2697	The issue sees Harley Quinn stuck in the middle of an elaborate, highly illegal prank war with Two-Face/Harvey Dent as she looks for ways to fill her time while Pamela Isley is off on her solo adventure in G. Willow Wilson and Marco Takara's ongoing Poison Ivy series.
2698	Following an incident with the Gotham Police Department that forces her to complete community service at Gotham City Community College, Harley has another run-in with Two-Face that ultimately ends with her pulling a cartoon fish out of thin air.
2699	Harley can't quite make sense of how she managed to achieve such a feat at first; although, she also later mentions this isn't the first time this sort of thing has happened to her.
2700	"I've been seeing more and more weird cartoon stuff lately, and I always assume it just means I need to up my dosage,"" she explains."
2701	It's when Harley is visited by Lady Quark -- an extremely powerful character who comes from royalty and now lives on Earth-48 after her original planet, Earth-6, was destroyed in Crisis on Infinite Earths -- late one evening that she finally starts to get some answers as to what's going on.
2702	"Lady Quark calls Harley a ""multiversal criminal"" for summoning the cartoon fish and explains how her actions have caused irreversible harm."
2703	"You have punched a ragged hole through the multiverse, and taken this from another Earth, leaving it weak and tattered,"" Lady Quark tells Harley."
2704	Harley insists she has no idea how she got the cartoon fish; Lady Quark, however, doesn't want to hear it and warns her their next interaction won't be nearly as friendly.
2705	"The risk of contagion is too high,"" she says."
2706	Make your mistake again, Harley Quinn...and your Earth will cease to be.
2707	Harley Quinn #28 features cover art by Boo and variant cover art by Jenny Frison, Ryan Sook, Dan Mora and Paulina Ganucheau.
2708	Harley Quinn is starting a new arc in her ongoing series with a new creative team taking the fan-favorite character on an adventure in the multiverse.
2709	After her mischievous antics force Harley to become a model citizen, the weight of the multiverse comes crashing down on her shoulders, putting Harley smack dab in the middle of a DC crisis while also dealing with her own personal problems.
2710	The team behind the new run of Harley Quinn includes Tini Howard, who's more than familiar with the rogues of Gotham thanks to her work on titles like Catwoman and Punchline, and Sweeney Boo, who's drawn everyone from Wonder Girl to the Joker.
2711	In an interview with CBR, the two creators discussed tackling Harley Quinn's latest story, relating to Harley on a deeper level, and empathizing with her crisis.
2712	CBR: This is a new chapter for Harley Quinn.
2713	Harley, of course, there's the aspect of being a queer woman and it being great to write multiple, awesome queer heroes -- female heroes -- for DC who are very different and unique in their own ways.
2714	For Harley, there were bigger things there I wanted to connect with.
2715	That's a big thing I wanted to do with Harley.
2716	So that and Harley being just delightfully weird.
2717	She's funny.
2718	I'll let her talk now, but she's so good at motion and timing that it's a real treat to feel this book is about humor and heart, and we can stretch it out and make a joke or a moment out of something that in another book might be in the background, or you might not see on the page.
2719	She's cute but has her quirky moments and all of that.
2720	I wanted to see what I could bring to the table because there have been so many artists who [have] worked on Harley, and what could I do with her?
2721	This isn't just a new arc for Harley.
2722	What were you most excited to explore in this multiverse conflict, especially with Harley as the focus of your story?
2723	We can't just do that with Harley the [same] way.
2724	"I mean, there are characters I've written whose whole thing is traveling the multiverse, so when we look at Harley, you get the chance to kind of look at it and say, ""Okay, we've been doing this thing in comics for a long time, and now it's popular in the zeitgeist again."
2725	[In] a multiverse crisis with Harley, it's like she's not aware, and she's not doing it on purpose, which is so one brand for her.
2726	The fact that we can have this idea she's in a crisis herself, and there's a crisis in her world.
2727	How is she going to be able to handle it because both are going to be juxtaposed?
2728	Who were some of your favorite characters to tackle in this arc outside of Harley?
2729	She killed it.
2730	Harley has friends now.
2731	Harley has a lot of reasons for things to go well for her.
2732	She's got a beautiful girlfriend.
2733	She has a great friend, so why is she in such a crisis?
2734	Boo: People don't understand [her] because they think she's doing it to herself, but she's not.
2735	You brought up one of my favorite characters in DC -- Poison Ivy, Harley's amazing girlfriend.
2736	With Ivy playing a role in this story without being in the issue, what about Harley and Ivy's relationship stands out to both of you?
2737	Getting to do that with Harley and Ivy with [G. Willow Wilson] is such a treat.
2738	If Ivy were around all the time, Harley might be feeling differently right now.
2739	She isn't, so she's not.
2740	Boo: What I like about their relationship is that it feels very healthy, where the past relationships that Harley had were definitely not.
2741	Harley and Ivy are in a really good place right now, but their work is pulling them in different directions.
2742	Howard: I'm a huge fan of Sweeney's art, and the thing I was most excited about is that she is handling the art entirely herself, from pencils to colors.
2743	I was excited to see what she brought.
2744	Knowing that it was going to be all in her hands, that's a really special thing, and everything Harley wears, it's just 10 out of 10.
2745	If you could sum up your run of Harley Quinn in three words, what would you use to describe it?
2746	Harley Quinn #28 is on sale now.
2747	Harley Quinn's time as a hero has been limited.
2748	She spent decades as the right-hand woman to the Joker and picked up plenty of bad habits.
2749	Turning a new leaf can be tough for anyone and Quinn is pretty self-confident that she is going about being a hero the right way.
2750	Quinn obviously makes plenty of mistakes.
2751	But compared to her life as a villain, she's on the right track, and thus it doesn't matter if she hasn't worked out the intricacies of vigilante life quite yet.
2752	The fact that she has demonstrated personal development enough to make it to this stage indicates that she has the chance to become a notable hero.
2753	She's still a little too reckless to learn on the job though.
2754	Supergirl was once considered one of DC's most influential sidekicks, but she has rightfully been given the spotlight away from her cousin.
2755	Other superheroes have tried to help Vigilante understand the trauma he causes with his sheer violence.
2756	After 27 issues, Harley Quinn is kick-starting a new arc with a new team featuring Tini Howard, Sweeney Boo, and Steve Wands.
2757	"Harley Quinn #28, ""Girl in a Crisis,"" is one of the comics kicking off Dawn of DC, a year-long event spanning multiple titles."
2758	With Poison Ivy out of town, Harley Quinn has been up to even more wild antics than usual, even pursuing a rivalry with Two-Face; however, her loved ones are worried she's gone too far, so she has tried to become an upstanding member of society.
2759	While she tries to keep this up, the fate of the multiverse comes crashing down onto her shoulders.
2760	The transition to the new creative team on Harley Quinn is smooth, with Howard connecting the current story to the past with characters like Kevin.
2761	Harley Quinn #28 also fits in with the rest of the DC canon, specifically the current Poison Ivy run, while still being a great place for new readers to start.
2762	Howard creates an introductory first issue that welcomes readers who want a unique Harley story and respects past and current continuity without relying on it too much.
2763	Howard also captures Harley Quinn's unique voice and humor through her dialogue.
2764	Harley is an inherently messy character in the best way, and Howard explores that in a charming and compelling way in this issue as Kevin attempts to help her avoid her self-destructive habits.
2765	Scenes like this highlight Harley's trademark wit.
2766	Despite the humor and fun, Howard opens the door for a deeper look at the hero's personal issues and how she navigates the relationships in her life.
2767	Howard is able to explore Harley's full emotional range thanks to Boo's excellent art.
2768	She captures Harley's unhinged and mischievous side perfectly, and scenes where Harley thinks of Ivy radiate with pure joy.
2769	Boo's fluid action sequences capture Harley's strength, acrobatics, and chaotic whimsy.
2770	Boo also does the color work for Harley Quinn #28, and she has as much fun with the colors as Harley does when she's bashing in baddies.
2771	The candy-coated color scheme matches Harley's personality and makes for a visually captivating comic.
2772	Whether he's adding silhouettes to the text to emphasize the action sequences or utilizing a variety of font sizes to capture Harely's unpredictability, Wands embraces the whimsy of Harley Quinn #28.
2773	While some speech bubbles -- specifically the ones during Harley's lectures -- feel crowded, the pros outweigh the cons in this issue.
2774	"Along with the main story, Issue #28 features a bonus comic by Erica Henderson and Hassan Otsmane-Elhaou titled ""Lovely Angel Harley Quinn."
2775	This is an homage to magical girl anime, and there is a retro feel to Henderson's art that captures the fun, adorable, and dynamic elements of '90s manga and Harley Quinn.
2776	Harley Quinn #28 is a strong start to a new chapter in the iconic character's life.
2777	The bar was high for a team like Howard, Boo, and Wands -- considering their stellar history, and they more than exceed expectations with a comic that feels undeniably Harley Quinn.
2778	New Joker: Folie à Deux set photos just dropped, and they contain major spoilers for Harley Quinn's storyline in the upcoming sequel.
2779	Together, they document a scene unfolding on what appear to be the steps of a Gotham City courthouse, with Quinn (Lady Gaga) present as her civilian alter-ego, Harleen Quinzel.
2780	A notable detail in several of the photos is a prop newspaper with Quinn's Arkham State Hospital mugshot plastered on its front page.
2781	This, coupled with the newspaper's headline text, confirms that the Joker: Folie à Deux incarnation of Harley Quinn is both an Arkham patient and the Joker's lover, in keeping with her DC Comics backstory.
2782	Joker: Folie à Deux's Harley Quinn differs from her comic book counterpart in at least one major way, though.
2783	Previously released set photos revealed that Quinn won't sport her iconic bodysuit in the Joker sequel, despite its enduring popularity since Quinn's debut in Batman: The Animated Series.
2784	Instead, the Joker: Folie à Deux version of Harley will wear an outfit that includes a red blazer and black leather skirt, as well as diamond-shaped eye makeup.
2785	Exactly how and when Harleen Quinzel will undergo her transformation into Harley Quinn in Joker: Folie à Deux is currently unclear.
2786	That said, there are times when Batman was saved by sheer luck.
2787	In the comic book storyline Mad Love, Harley Quinn, knowing Batman would underestimate her, hatched a death trap that managed to capture him with no means of escape.
2788	He told Harley that the Joker would never believe Harley was capable of killing him.
2789	Batman bets on the Joker not only being available but also spiteful enough to not let Harley kill him in his place.
2790	It’s a clever tactic but had Joker not answered her calls, or if Harley got too angry, then Batman would have died.
2791	Instead, it happened by sheer luck.
2792	DC fans now have their first glimpse at singer-actor Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn costume in Joker: Folie à Deux.
2793	Along with her black-and-white shirt, the blazer and tights sport a diamond pattern, which has been a signature design element of Harley Quinn ever since she first appeared in Batman: The Animated Series back in 1992.
2794	"Gaga's hair is light blonde with darker roots showing, and she can be seen surrounded by Gotham City Police Department officers outside what appears to be a courthouse, where someone else carries a cardboard sign reading, ""JOKER MARRY ME."
2795	Previously on Valentine's Day in 2023, the first look at Gaga and Phoenix as Harley Quinn and Joker/Arthur Fleck, respectively, in Joker: Folie à Deux was released, showing the actors' faces intimately close, Gaga's sporting no makeup while Phoenix's Joker facepaint is faded.
2796	"Based on Gaga's wardrobe and the ""MARRY ME JOKER"" sign, it points to Folie à Deux's adaptation of Harley being a Joker sympathizer in some way."
2797	Whatever this Joker and Harley's relationship will be, moviegoers will hear Gaga and Phoenix's singing skills in the movie, which is set to be a musical.
2798	Harley Quinn and Unstoppable Doom Patrol join the Dawn of DC in the new comics this week.
2799	Writer Tini Howard and artist Sweeney Boo take over as Harley Quinn's main creative team starting with the release of Issue #28 on Tuesday.
2800	"During an exclusive interview with CBR, Howard said her run with Boo ""gives Harley a new job, a new lease on life, and a responsibility she didn't ask for but is now stuck with."
2801	A preview for Harley Quinn #28 opens with the clown princess thwarting Two-Face's latest bank robbery, doing some good in Gotham City while her girlfriend, Poison Ivy, is away in her own solo series.
2802	The issue also marks a format change for Harley Quinn, which will begin featuring backup stories about Harley's wild, in-continuity dreams, the first by penned by Erica Henderson.
2803	Harley Quinn may be joining 2023's Dawn of DC lineup, but one of the publishing initiative's new miniseries is debuting as well: Unstoppable Doom Patrol.
2804	The shadowy Black Glove nearly had him in his grave for good in R.I.P., while the Court of Owls pushed him to his psychological limits in the titular The Court of Owls arc.
2805	Both were done at least in part by the beloved Paul Dini, with this short story seeing Harley Quinn nearly kill the Dark Knight herself.
2806	Joker becomes increasingly frustrated with his failed attempts to best Batman, so Harley mistakenly thinks doing it herself will earn his affection, as the Clown's narcissism and fixation with the hero would never allow that.
2807	Batman wins the day by playing on both their weaknesses despite being well within Harley's clutches -- Joker's inflated ego and Quinn's desperate need for validation.
2808	Harley Quinn has been reformed as an antihero after finally breaking from the Joker.
2809	She's even gone as far as being a Bat-Family member, but the Clown Prince of Crime found a new minion for James Tynion IV and Jorge Jiménez's The Joker War.
2810	Batman and Catwoman track Ivy to Superman's home turf, only to discover he's subjected the Man of Steel to mind control and unleashed him upon them.
2811	Given the sheer power of someone like Superman, this would be devastating for anyone, as he perceives Batman as Darkseid and pummels him to near death.
2812	By the end of Harley Quinn #27 (by Stephanie Phillips, Matteo Lolli, David Baldeon, Rain Beredo, and Andworld Design), the titular antihero gained her own reality-hopping device.
2813	On one level, this opens up the future for Harley's adventures in general.
2814	But with a multiversal conflict brewing, Harley becoming an unexpected wildcard could make her a much more important character in the grand scheme of things.
2815	Harley's most recent adventure has pitted her against some of the most dangerous versions of herself in the multiverse - specifically the Harley Who Laughs, a twisted and murderous variant of the character who seemed intent on slaughtering her way through her counterparts across time and space.
2816	Even with the help of her Old Lady Harley counterpart, the core-DC Universe version was barely able to survive the encounter with her darkest variant (and even needed a dip in the Lazarus Pit to come back).
2817	But rather than simply defeat her counterpart and be done with it, she goes in a different direction and instead (alongside Old Lady Harley) helps rescue the Ivy Who Laughs.
2818	Despite the initial misgivings of the older Harley, the mission is a success and helps ensure all the multiversal Harleys dragged into the storyline get a happy ending.
2819	It's a sweet moment that closes out this run of the character -- but it also teases the potential future of the character in a pretty big way, as the issue ends with a reminder that the core-DC Harley Quinn still has the dimension-hopping device she'd stolen from her darker counterpart.
2820	Harley being able to travel the multiverse is a fun development for the character, setting up all sorts of potential avenues for her.
2821	Harley's general attitude and vibe lends itself well to an adventure that can hop through realities -- but the current state of the DC Multiverse adds some additional layers of intrigue and danger to that prospect.
2822	Given Harley's history with the Suicide Squad and the recent suggestion that Waller might be the most likely person to finally bring her down, it wouldn't be surprising to see her getting wrapped up in the conflict.
2823	Her unique approach to problem-solving could make her a wild card in the coming multiversal conflict, especially since she can teleport into another reality.
2824	While forces across the multiverse are slowly amassing their power, it's worth remembering which former villain may have stepped into the cosmic game, and the kind of chaos she could easily bring into play.
2825	V for Vendetta from author Alan Moore and artist David Llyod was originally published in black and white.
2826	The chaos unleashed by the Clown Prince of Crime and the subtlety in the Caped Crusader's expressions shouts much louder from the page in black and white.
2827	The chilling DC horror comic was published in color but made fantastic use of black and white sequences throughout.
2828	Harleen Quinzel has embarked on one of the most surprising DC redemption arcs and Harley Quinn: Black + White + Red continues that character evolution by portraying the former villain in all of her eras.
2829	The comic run thus boasts short stories based on each variation of Quinn.
2830	From The Animated Series to Batman: White Knight, Quinn's arcs are picked up and transformed through this gorgeous color palette.
2831	The addition of the reds, Harley's quintessential color, accents the bloodshed and chaos stunningly.
2832	As an adjacent character to the Batman world, it's no surprise that Quinn's life feels at home depicted in this gothic manner.
2833	She has since become one of Superman's rogues gallery in the comics, joining the likes of Harley Quinn and Terry McGinnis, who also found their origins in the DCAU.
2834	While she hasn't become Superman's A-list enemy, her creation has been a welcomed addition to DC Comics, and she consistently makes Superman think outside of the box.
2835	Arguably one of DC's most popular romances, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy owe their entire popularity as a couple to the DCAU.
2836	Their romance has since been revisited in the current Harley Quinn: The Animated Series.
2837	Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn are often seen as an antihero/villainous power couple, and even had their own nature-based hideout in DCeased.
2838	The single most successful and recognizable creations of the DCAU is Harley Quinn.
2839	She gained an immediate fan base thanks to her wacky personality as Joker's sidekick.
2840	Created for Batman: The Animated Series, she is now one of DC's most popular antiheroes.
2841	Harley Quinn has broken into the mainstream in a way even some Golden-Age DC characters have struggled to do.
2842	She became a multi-billion dollar character, with value that ranges from an impressive number of comic titles, merchandise and film appearances.
