1. Tsunade (綱手) is one of Konohagakure's legendary Sannin
2. She eventually gained the title of Konoha's Slug Princess Tsunade (木ノ葉のナメクジ綱手姫)
3.  Though celebrated as the world's most powerful kunoichi, and also as its greatest medical nin Tsunade abandoned the life of the ninja for many years in pursuit of other goals
4.  She is eventually persuaded to return to Konoha, and becomes the Fifth Hokage (五代目火影)
5.  Where she uses her strength to crush the village's enemies, and her medical knowledge to keep its villagers safe
6.  Eventually she steps down, and gives Hatake Kakashi the position
7. Hashirama remembers spoiling Tsunade
8. Tsunade was born on the day of August 2nd to two unnamed parents
9.  Her last name is a mystery
10.  She is the very first grandchild and granddaughter of Senju Hashirama and Uzumaki Mito 
11.  Because Hashirama was the First Hokage of Konohagakure, this means that Tsunade is famously called a " Princess " (姫)
12.  Not surprisingly, Hashirama spoiled Tsunade greatly when she was very young because she was his first grandchild
13.  He found her deviance and her adoption of his own gambling habits to be highly amusing; as Tsunade also inherited his necklace when he had died
14.  After she had graduated from the Ninja Academy, Tsunade was teamed up along with Orochimaru and Jiraiya under the leadership of Sarutobi Hiruzen 
15.  When Jiraya failed to acquire a bell during the team's first bell test, Tsunade happily teased him about it by holding a bell by sticking her tongue out, but this prompted him to criticize her for having a flat chest in which made her very angry as she wanted to punch him
16.  Despite this remark, Jiraiya had a certain interest in Tsunade from their very first meeting, by wanting a love letter but it only increased after her breasts had developed; when she nearly killed him for spying on her while she had bathed at the hot spring, he was forced to be more discrete about his interests for now on
17. After losing a gambling deal or a bet one night, Taunade was trying to figure out some ways to win back with dice
18.  But she was spotted by Orochimaru who was wearing a mask
19.  Clueless on what is going on, Tsunade smashed the ground with her feet and was surprised to see Jiraiya
20.  She then asked the two what was going on
21. Soon time later on Tsunade's little brother, Nawaki (who was born on August 9) dreamed of someday becoming the next Hokage so that he could protect Konoha, their grandfather's legacy
22.  On Nawaki's twelfth birthday, Tsunade kissed his forehead and had gave him Hashirama's necklace as a present in the hopes that it would help him achieve his dream
23.  However he died the next day, during a casualty of the ongoing Second Shinobi War, thus returning the necklace to her
24.  Tsunade began advocating for the inclusion of medical-nin on all four-man squads in order to avoid future deaths like Nawaki's
25.  Hiruzen agreed with her arguments, but he could not dedicate resources to the necessary implementation due to the ongoing war
26.  Kato Dan , on the other hand, shared her views as well, and as their relationship developed he confided with her about his dreams of becoming the next Hokage so that he could bring change to Konoha and protect his loved ones from death
27.  Tsunade kissed his forehead and also gave him Hashirama's necklace in the hopes that it would help him achieve his dream
28. Nawaki gets the Hokage good luck charm kiss from his older sister
29. Although their team under Hiruzen's leadership had disbanded, Tsunade, Orochimaru, and Jiraiya continued fighting together during the Second World War
30.  They rest at a fire and talk about dreams, where Tsunade say she wanted to travel
31.  The group fought enemy ninja for the rest of the night, with Tsunade using her fists
32.  During one such fight in Amegakure, they were the only three to survive an encounter with Hanzō, for this accomplishment Hanzo nicknamed them Konoha's " Legendary Sannin "
33.  In the aftermath of the battle, Jiraiya opted not to return to Konoha so that he could train the Ame orphans
34.  Tsunade would go on to make her own independent contributions to the war, by frequently counteracting Chiyo of Sunagakure's poisons
35.  Although Tsunade's actions are said to have won the war for Konoha, Tsunade was unable to prevent Dan's death, and her failure to stop his severe blood loss caused her to develop a fear of blood
36. With Dan's death, Hashirama's necklace was returned to Tsunade once again, by convincing some people that the necklace was cursed to kill anyone who wore it other than Tsunade
37.  Tsunade herself became convinced that achieving one's dreams was impossible and that to be the Hokage was a fool's job
38.  She therefore left Konoha, by taking Dan's niece, Shizune , who was very young at the time, with her to train her as an apprentice
39. In the anime, Tsunade met the Fourth Raikage, A, after he and his followers were ambushed by the ninja of the Nokizaru Group
40.  So they needed her help to remove an Exploding Insects implanted in A, and one of his followers
41.  However, due to her phobia fear of blood, Tsunade had Shizune carry out the surgery instead while she oversaw it until a bit of blood splattered on her face, and she excused herself from the room
42. Tsunade was very willing to believe in the attainability of dreams when Nawaki and Dan were alive, and that by supporting them and encouraging those dreams she might be able to help achieve them
43.  When both died gruesomely shortly after receiving her support, Tsunade lost faith in the idea of dreaming for anything, believing that the mere pursuit would be doomed from the outset
44.  She becomes especially critical of wanting to be the Hokage, as both Dan and Nawaki died trying to attain the title and the past Hokage have all died prematurely
45.  As Tsunade argues, pointlessly because they held the position, she concludes that to be the Hokage is a fool's job
46. However upon meeting Uzumaki Naruto , who demonstrates two things to her: one just because a goal seems impossible does not mean it actually is
47.  Since Naruto is able to master the Rasengan unprecedentedly quickly despite any seeming natural talent
48.  And two just because the dreamer dies does not mean the dream itself does, as Nawaki and Dan's desire to become the Hokage lives on in Naruto
49.  Because Naruto is so very much an exception to how she thought the world worked, Tsunade puts her faith in dreams once again, a desire so strong that she overcomes her fear of blood
50.  She becomes the next Hokage herself, partly so that she can live Nawaki and Dan's dream for them, but also so that she can pave the way for Naruto inevitably holding the title
51.  Just as she once did, Tsunade supports all other dreams that she can: as when Rock Lee tells her he dreams of being a ninja despite knowing he may die trying, she does not argue his decision, and in the anime, does all that she can to ensure he survives
52. As the fifth Hokage, Tsunade is committed to protecting Konoha and its villagers, willing to give her life for her village and allies if necessary
53.  She does this because Nawaki and Dan loved Konoha and so she keeps their dreams alive by doing so, but also because Konoha's continued survival honours all those who gave their lives creating it and keeping it safe
54.  Although her reasons are somewhat different, the outcome is nevertheless consistent with the Will of Fire
55.  Tsunade is similarly optimistic about the next generation of Konoha's ninja, especially Naruto, by being convinced that the village's future will be in good hands because of them
56.  She in fact becomes angry when others lack this same faith in Naruto and his peers, believing it is better to let them try and then fail than to assume their failure is inevitable and thus prevent them from trying
57.  Demonstrations of her own faith include: congratulating Nara Shikamaru for his failed mission because at least none of his teammates died
58.  Along with not labelling Uchiha Sasuke a missing-nin because she trusts that Naruto can someday convince him to return to Konoha
59. Despite her many noble qualities, Tsunade is not without her faults
60.  She is blunt and short tempered, prone to striking Naruto for his immaturity or Jiraiya for his pervertness; she is widely feared because of this tendency and her temper
61.  Her own behavior isn't much better than theirs, since she is a alcoholic, sleeps on the job when no one is around, and tries to have other people do her work for her
62.  One of her favorite vices is gambling, which she acquired from her grandfather, Senju Hashirama 
63.  Despite how often and how irresponsibly she gambles, Tsunade has notoriously bad luck, causing those who have made huge profits off of her to call her " The Legendary Sucker " (伝説のカモ)
64. Tsunade is fully aware of how unlucky she is, and whenever she hits a winning streak she takes it as a bad omen and prepares for the worst
65.  She has at times tried using her bad luck to her advantage, betting on outcomes she doesn't want so that her unluckiness will prevent them from happening
66.  Hashirama finds Tsunade's many bad habits highly amusing on a personal level, but when he is told that Tsunade is Hokage he immediately worries about what misfortunes she's brought upon Konoha
67. Jiraiya assumed that there was a mutual attraction between him and Tsunade from their first meeting, a statement that only served to annoy and anger her
68.  Despite his many advances over the years, Tsunade never reciprocated his feelings, only loving Dan, even decades after his death
69.  Jiraiya wasn't discouraged by this and claimed that her repeated rejections had not only made him stronger, but they've been excellent material for his Icha Icha series of books
70.  Though he concluded that to be happy wasn't his fate
71.  Tsunade doubted he believed his own words and she commented that he did not need to put on a brave front when he returned from Amegakure
72.  When Jiraiya ended up dying during that same mission, Tsunade privately mourned for the loss of her dear friend and team-mate
73.  Ultimately when trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi, her greatest desire was to be with her loved ones, while supporting Dan as he lived out his dream of being the Hokage
74.  Despite this, she chose not to have Dan and Nawaki reincarnated when given the chance as she realized it would go against everything they stood for
75. Her temper is also shown to scare Naruto's son, Boruto
76.  However even though she lives in peaceful times she holds back from punching a wall when Naruto told her that Mitsuki is Orochimaru's son
77. Tsunade is a fairly tall, light-skinned woman with brown eyes and straight, light blonde hair
78.  Her light blond hair is waist-length with shoulder-length bangs framing both sides of her face
79.  As a child, she tied her hair in twin short pigtails before becoming Hiruzen's student when she then wore her hair in a high ponytail
80.  As an adult, Tsunade usually ties her hair into two loose ponytails
81.  Some time after leaving the village, she obtained a violet rhombus mark on her forehead similar to her grandmother's, which she uses as a chakra gathering point known as the Yin Seal
82.  It will temporarily disappear when unleashing the conserved chakra and reappear after she has accumulated enough chakra
83.  When she releases the Yin Seal, the diamond mark on her forehead opens out into a seal that usually extends to her jaws
84.  When using the Strength of a Hundred Technique, the markings extend themselves around her entire body
85. While only in her early fifties, her form is a frail and wrinkled old appearance, more so than her age would suggest
86.  However, she maintains the appearance of her younger self through a unique and constant Transformation Technique
87.  In her youth, the appearance she normally takes, she had a slender frame
88.  Despite being known as flat-chested in her childhood, she now has a rather large bust; 106 centimetres in circumference, according to Jiraiya
89.  Her beauty has been pointed out several times and she's been called the most beautiful kunoichi in the world by several characters
90. She often wears a grass-green haori with the kanji for gamble (賭, kake ) written in black on the back, inside a red circle
91.  Underneath she wears a grey, kimono-style blouse with no sleeves, held closed by a broad, dark bluish-grey obi that matches her pants
92.  Her blouse is closed quite low, revealing her sizeable cleavage
93.  She wears open-toed sandals with high heels and red polish on both her fingernails and toenails
94.  She also wears a soft light pink lipstick
95.  She also used to wear her grandfather's necklace in clear view on her chest, before giving it to Naruto
96. Like other students of the Third Hokage, Tsunade is an exceptionally talented shinobi
97.  It wasn't until the Second Shinobi War that their skills became widely known, and being dubbed by Hanzo as the Legendary Sannin , the most powerful of their generation
98.  Tsunade's skills are popularly held as the reason for Konoha's victory during that war, and in the years following, she became known as the world's strongest kunoichi
99.  She is selected to be Konoha's Fifth Hokage in Part I, and it is because of her that many villagers are saved from death during Pain's invasion in Part II
100.  When they first meet, Uchiha Madara characterizes Tsunade as weaker than Hashirama, only to later on admit from fighting her that she does in fact possess some of her grandfather's natural talent
101. Tsunade has excellent control over her chakra, a necessary prerequisite to her job as a medical-nin
102.  After the Second Shinobi War, she started gradually storing her chakra into the Strength of a Hundred Seal on her forehead
103.  When the seal is released, Tsunade has access to all the accumulated chakra, totaling a so-named hundred times her usual chakra levels
104.  Although she normally uses this extra chakra to heal injuries or perform her other jutsu, she can also transfer the chakra to others, either to replenish or amplify their own
105. Tsunade teaches her student, Haruno Sakura , how to build up chakra in her fists and release it on contact with a target, causing severe damage
106.  Tsunade presumably uses this ability herself, but it isn't always clear when since she is naturally very strong, enough to lift Gamabunta's sword
107.  Her physical accomplishments, whatever the cause, include: creating a fissure in the ground by striking it with one finger; breaking six of Jiraiya's ribs, both of his arms, and rupturing several of his internal organs, one of two near-death experiences in his life; breaking through Susanoo, an "absolute defense", with only a few punches
108. Tsunade believes it is vital for a medical nin to avoid injury, as they cannot perform their duties if anything happens to them
109.  To a certain extent, her unnatural strength helps her in this regard, as opponents may avoid getting near her so that she cannot strike them
110.  At the same time, though, Tsunade is regularly injured in combat, even going so far as to place herself in harm's way in order to protect her allies
111.  This is all because Tsunade deems her Creation Rebirth ability a reasonable exception to the "avoid injury" tenet, as she can receive serious damage and still survive
112.  Even without the Creation Rebirth, Tsunade's ability to endure injury is quite impressive, as she can survive several mortal stabs to the chest and remain able to perform jutsu after being bisected
113. Even though she is in her early fifties, Tsunade's Transformation Technique makes her appear as if she were still in her twenties as Jiraiya noted she was not one to "age gracefully"
114.  She readily alters what age she appears in order to avoid her gambling debts
115.  Tsunade's transformation is somewhat different from a normal transformation, as it seems to be permanent, not getting dispelled when she is slashed or injured, and she apparently does not need to exert any effort to stay transformed
116.  She is able to maintain her transformation even while asleep
117.  The transformation dispels when she runs out of chakra, reverting her to her natural appearance
118. Tsunade using the Creation Rebirth Technique
119. Much of Tsunade's fame comes from her being able to perform any procedure flawlessly to cure and heal injuries that others would consider impossible or a lost cause
120.  She can do so through the usage of no more than chakra or basic tools
121.  She healed the psychological damage caused by Tsukuyomi, the damage done to Rock Lee 's spine, and counteracted the effects of the Three Coloured Pills on Choji, something Choza stated would have been impossible if she weren't there
122. Tsunade has also been noted to be capable of making powerful sleeping potions that are also colourless; so much that she is the only one in the world who could spike a drink without a ninja knowing it was drugged
123. With her remarkable knowledge of the human body and converting her chakra into electricity, Tsunade is capable of sending electric waves into the opponent's nervous system by striking the back of the neck
124.  This then scrambles the electric signals within them and disrupts the way their body moves, such as attempting to move the right hand would cause the left leg to move instead, and so on
125.  It is unknown if this is Lightning Release
126.  In a similar manner, Tsunade has also shown the ability to use medical ninjutsu adversely and use it to harm, even kill, instead of heal
127.  She can use a single chakra-infused strike to effortlessly cause internal damage or incapacitate a target as she did the latter to Shizune when she tried to stop Tsunade from meeting with Orochimaru
128.  Tsunade is also able to create a chakra scalpel both for surgery and to inflict internal lacerations and even attack the internal organs
129. The most extreme example of her medical prowess is her Creation Rebirth, a technique that makes use of the massive amounts of chakra stored in her Yin Seal to continuously create new cells in her body, healing any wound and even growing back missing organs
130.  It gives her a form of "immortality" in battle that even Orochimaru expressed envy for
131.  However, as cells can only divide and be created a set amount of times, the technique shortens her life-span
132.  Because of the risk associated with the technique, Tsunade only uses Creation Rebirth in extremely desperate situations
133.  This technique is considered as the absolute pinnacle of medical ninjutsu, and Tsunade developed it under the resolution of protecting those dear to her
134.  She also created an extension of the Creation Rebirth known as the Strength of a Hundred Technique, which causes the seal to extend all the way down her body
135.  While this technique is active, any wounds Tsunade receives will heal instantaneously, without the need to make hand seals or even a conscious effort
136. Tsunade summons Katsuyu
137. Tsunade can summon slugs of varying sizes, although she has only ever been seen summoning Katsuyu
138.  The slugs' primary abilities seem to revolve around spitting acid and splitting into smaller slugs
139.  Tsunade apparently has a mental connection with Katsuyu, as she was able to get reports and send out messages through Katsuyu during the invasion of Pain
140.  Tsunade can transfer her chakra to a large number of slugs over long distances
141.  By having the slugs spread out and attach themselves to wounded individuals, Tsunade is then capable of healing multiple injuries at different locations simultaneously
142.  This technique proved particularly helpful during the Invasion of Pain which helped Tsunade preserve the life of the villagers even after a devastating attack by the enemy forces
143. Tsunade's natures include Lightning, Fire, Water, and Earth, as well as Yin and Yang Release
144. [3] She isn't seen directly using any of these natures in the series, although her Body Pathway Derangement is suggested to use some amount of lightning chakra: she injects her chakra into an opponent, scrambling their body's electric signals so that commands to move their hand instead move their leg, and so on
145. In addition to her other skills, the anime shows Tsunade using some amount of space–time ninjutsu,[36] fūinjutsu, and barrier ninjutsu
146.  In the anime, within her own Infinite Tsukuyomi dream, Tsunade could perform the Four Red Yang Formation
147. While normally appearing carefree or short-tempered, Tsunade is a capable leader
148.  A keen thinker, Tsunade is also highly observant and analytical, allowing her to see through most deceptions, and is rarely caught off-guard
149.  Most commonly, Tsunade will choose the best ninja available to construct a team after looking over the assigned mission
150.  In the anime, she was able to analyse and replicate the basic mechanics of Kabuto’s regeneration technique to aid in bettering the chances of Rock Lee's life-risking surgery being a success
151. Her intelligence is most renowned as the best in the world for her expertise in all areas of medicine
152.  She has been credited with creating the official medical-nin system and the laws that govern them
153.  She can immediately determine what kind of injuries or illness (physical or mental) a person has from a single glance
154.  In addition to this, Tsunade seems to have a vast knowledge of poisons and herbal medicine, as noted by Chiyo who stated that during the Second Shinobi War, Tsunade was the only one capable of countering all her poisons perfectly
155.  She also has remarkable knowledge of the human psyche, as she was able to effortlessly undo the damage to Kakashi and Sasuke's minds inflicted by Itachi's Tsukuyomi in a matter of seconds
156.  Tsunade has also proven to be a very capable teacher, having single-handedly trained Sakura and Shizune and passed on much of her knowledge make them become two of Konoha's best medical-nin and field support
157. In battle, she has shown great ingenuity, able to quickly pick up on her opponent's fighting style and battle pattern to better avoid damage and plan her attacks around that
158.  These traits are to keep herself alive in battle so she may heal her team-mates; things she drilled into Sakura while training her
159.  Her mental fortitude is also noteworthy, as she overcame her paralysing fear of blood through willpower alone, something every eyewitness found miraculous
160. In the anime, Tsunade demonstrated noticeable skill in a variety of other areas
161.  When dealing with the Legendary Stupid Brothers, her skill in genjutsu was great enough to bind the immensely strong duo at once
162.  She was also able to use Space–Time Ninjutsu to send one of Katsuyu's divisions to Team Three's location despite the great distance
163.  Tsunade is also well-versed in fuinjutsu, capable of developing an S-ran seal that continuously stores up chakra for various reasons including using the high-level techniques such as the Creation Rebirth technique which she also created
164.  In the anime, she designed the Four-Corner Sealing Barrier which can be used to seal a tailed beast from scratch
165. After his failed invasion of Konoha cost him his arms in the aftermath of his fight with Hiruzen, Orochimaru sought out Tsunade to heal his arms
166.  Declining at first while noticing is arms, Kabuto Yakushi complemented Tsunade's talent while saying that she's the only one in the world who can cure Orochimaru or kill him
167.  Inspecting the injury, Tsunade learns that it was inflicted on her former team mate by Hiruzen, whom Orochimaru killed in battle
168.  Shocked upon hearing that revelation, Tsunade attempts to Orochimaru before he offers to use Impure World Reincarnation to bring back Dan and Nawaki as payment for her services
169.  Seeing that she was tempted by this offer, Orochimaru left her a week to consider his proposal
170. Soon afterwards, Tsunade was approached by Jiraiya, who wanted her to become the next Hokage
171.  After she disrespectfully turns down the offer, an enraged Naruto challenges Tsunade to a fight for her ridiculing of the title
172.  Though she easily beats him in the match, Tsunade shows interest at Naruto's attempt of using the Rasengan and makes a bet with him: she would give him Hashirama's necklace if can could master the technique within a week without help and he would give her all the money he had in his frog wallet if he fail
173.  Naruto accepted the bet, and Tsunade kept a careful eye on Naruto's progress throughout the week while contemplating Orochimaru's offer
174.  When the week was up, and Naruto appeared to have failed in mastering the technique, she drugged Jiraiya so he would not meddle and went to meet Orochimaru
175. Though it seemed she was able to heal Orochimaru, having him promise to not destroy Konoha once his arms were healed, Kabuto exposes Tsunade's actual intent to kill Orochimaru
176.  Her motives known, Tsunade revealed that she knew Orochimaru has no intention of honouring his promise to leave Konoha alone, and that she couldn't bring herself to let him attack the village again even if it meant seeing Nawaki and Dan again
177.  While she had tried to forget this fact over the years, Naruto's determination and desire to be Hokage reminded her of their dreams, and she had decided to do whatever was necessary to protect those dreams
178. With that, Tsunade attacked Orochimaru, though Kabuto fought her in his place
179.  However, realising that he is completely outmatched, Kabuto slits his wrists to use Tsunade's hæmophobia against her before Shizune and Naruto came to her rescue
180.  While he and Shizune were easily defeated (Shizune losing the use of her legs and being knocked out), despite Tsunade telling him to run, Naruto was able to overcome his injuries and manages to defeat Kabuto with a perfected Rasengan in his effort to protect her
181.  As Naruto collapsed and in critical condition, Tsunade manages to heal him and giving him Hashirama's necklace in hope he would become a Hokage
182. Orochimaru, worrying about what kind of threat Naruto might become when he got older, attempts to kill him, though Tsunade blocks that attack with her body
183.  When inquired as to why she was protecting Naruto, Tsunade replies that Naruto would someday be Hokage, and that she would not allow him to die before that happened
184.  With that, Tsunade accepted the title of Fifth Hokage while overcoming her fear of blood to eliminate Orochimaru
185.  Joining forces with the still drugged Jiraiya, the two attacked Orochimaru
186.  After a battle of summons, Tsunade dealt the finishing blow to Orochimaru
187.  Defeated, Orochimaru escaped, vowing to destroy Konoha once he'd healed himself
188.  Once Naruto recovered, the group returned to Konoha where Tsunade begins her term while secretly believing that Naruto would someday become her successor
189.  Also, like with Nawaki and Dan before Naruto, Tsunade gives him a kiss on the forehead to show her faith in him
190. Soon after arriving in Konoha to take her place as Hokage, Tsunade healed the mental injuries inflicted by Uchiha Itachi 's Tsukuyomi on Hatake Kakashi and Uchiha Sasuke 
191.  She also gave a grim prognosis on Rock Lee's condition
192.  She stated that the only procedure that could allow him to return to duty as a ninja was one that she alone was capable of performing, and it only had a fifty percent success chance that could prove to be fatal for Lee
193.  Not wanting to take such a risk, Tsunade advised Lee that it was best that he retire as a ninja and find another profession
194.  In the anime, while Lee is struggling to decide what he should do, Tsunade looks into ways to improve his chance of survival
195.  Thinking back to how she had seen Kabuto withstand Naruto's Rasengan, Tsunade used Kabuto's technique as an inspiration to expand on the life-threatening operation and improved Lee's chances of survival from fifty to fifty-eight percent
196.  Lee finally agreed to undergo the procedure and survives
197. When Sasuke defected from the village so that he could go to Orochimaru, Tsunade was forced to send out a group of genin to try and stop and retrieve him, due to lack of manpower
198.  She also used Konoha's reacquired alliance Sunagakure to call in a favour for reinforcements, hoping to give the retrieval team some back-up
199.  Despite her efforts, the group ultimately failed, and Tsunade helped in healing their mortal injuries, bringing them back to full health
200.  She was particularly instrumental in the healing of Choji, mixing the antidote to the side effects of the Three Coloured Pills that she got from the medical encyclopaedia kept by the Naras; a fact Choza gratefully stated
201.  In the aftermath of Sasuke's betrayal, Haruno Sakura asked to become Tsunade's apprentice, which Tsunade gladly accepted
202. In the anime, when a grown-up Sasuke and Naruto's future son Boruto were sent back in time to shortly after Sasuke's defection, the two time travelers bumped into Jiraiya and Naruto
203.  As he was running away after being spotted peeping on the women's hot spring, taking advantage of Boruto's friendly nature, Jiraiya handed the boy his binoculars and bolted, tricking the angry women into believing Sasuke and Boruto were the culprits
204.  The matter was quickly rectified by Tsunade, who quickly disciplined Jiraiya and Naruto
205.  When concerned by the new strangers suddenly appearing in the village, Tsunade decided to place them under Jiraiya and Naruto's care for monitoring
206.  Later, Tsunade assigned all the Konoha genin to clean up the hotsprings to make up for the commotion Naruto and Jiraiya caused there
207. Later, after Sasuke and Boruto completed their mission to defeat Urashiki, Sasuke used his Sharingan to erase Tsunade and everyone else's memories of the events in order to protect the timeline
208. Tsunade appeared in numerous filler arcs, though she typically did nothing more than sending others out on missions, occasionally trying new ways of deciding who would go on a specific mission
209.  Her goal during the filler arcs was to keep Uzumaki Naruto busy until Jiraiya came back, to prevent him from going after Sasuke himself
210.  When the Legendary Stupid Brothers escape from prison, she convinces them to surrender with a quick display of genjutsu and her strength
211.  In another filler, she summoned Katsuyu to deal with some impersonators of Rock Lee and Maito Gai , who had entered the village
212. Tsunade continued training Sakura in medical ninjutsu, along with keeping up her duties as Hokage
213.  Shortly after Naruto and Jiraiya left, Yamanaka Ino appeared with a similar desire to Sakura for learning medical ninjutsu under Tsunade
214.  Intrigued, Tsunade decided to test Ino, giving her three months to master resuscitation of an octopus to officially become Tsunade's student alongside Sakura
215.  At the same time, she tasked Sakura with memorizing a large shelf of medical books
216.  While keeping quiet about it, she noticed that the strong rivalry between Sakura and Ino helped in pushing the duo into improving
217.  Ultimately, Ino passed her challenged and Tsunade began training Ino as well
218.  Despite this, Tsunade decided to not train Ino beyond basic medical ninjutsu, feeling that it would simply better help her in learning her clan's secret techniques in the future
219. Two years after Naruto and Jiraiya left, Tsunade decided to organize the next Chunin Exam early within Konoha, sponsored alongside Suna with their new ties alongside the Suna-nin
220.  While wanting to also to restore Konoha's reputation after the interruption of the last Chunin Exam by Orochimaru's invasion, she also saw this as an opportunity to lure out the Akatsuki
221.  While Gaara , now the Kazekage, agreed with this, he expressed his desire to host the exams personally in Suna
222.  Ultimately, it was agreed to host the first exam within Konoha and the second exam within Suna
223.  While Tsunade sent out an invitation to the other ninja villages, the other Kage all rejected the offer
224.  At the same time, Tsunade sent Hatake Kakashi to Amegakure to deliver the invitation and investigate the rumors of a coup d'état on Hanzo
225.  Later, Tsunade received word that Amegakure would join the exams
226.  While this implied that the village was still its usual state, Tsunade was convinced it was a cover-up
227. As word that Kusagakure and Takigakure would also join the exams, Shizune noted that Konoha has yet to apply any genin of their own
228.  This resulted in Tsunade needed to even more paperwork than normal, much to her dismay
229.  Later, when Tsunade heard that Sakura was personally handling an operation for a severely injured man, Tsunade was worried about Sakura and went to watch
230.  Upon arriving, she caught Sakura in time as she overtaxed herself from the procedure, but not without successfully healing the man
231.  As Sakura was resting in Tsunade's hold, the Sannin congratulated Sakura for how far she has come
232. When approached by Kankuro , he tells her of the proposal of letting Sunagakure personally take charge of the second round as they are more familiar with their territory
233.  Skeptical at first, she asks for additional reasons, ultimately allowing them the privilege, but not before stating that the jonin of the genin teams will still have to follow up with their team to Sunagakure
234. Later, Kakashi return from his mission to report his failure at learning anything useful about Amegakure
235.  He also noted that despite his seamless and stealthy re-entrance to the village, he was almost immediately pursued, forcing Kakashi to retreat out of the village
236.  As Kakashi noted that with how the pursuers only knew of his general location and not that it was actually him, he concluded it was as if a ghost was watching, further troubling Tsunade
237.  Later, Tsunade sent word to Konoha-nin in Sunagakure who were proctoring the exams to be on guard for anyone attempting to kill Gaara with new evidence showing that there were still many against Gaara being Kazekage
238. Ultimately, the Chunin Exams were ended early before starting the finals due to controversy happening in the second exam
239.  Instead, it was decided by Gaara that the a report on each participant would be sent to their respective village leader for them to decide if they would be promoted
240.  After reading everything, Tsunade decided to promote all of Team Maito Gai , Team Asuma , and Team Kurenai 
241.  Also, upon Gaara's recommendation for his remarkable efforts in saving the Kazekage's life, Tsunade promoted Hyuga Neji to jonin rank
242. During the next few years while Jiraiya and Naruto were off training, Tsunade continued her duties as Hokage and her tutelage of Sakura as a field medical-nin
243.  Also during this time, the Hokage Monument was altered to include Tsunade's face in chronological order
244. While taking care of reports for genin missions, Tsunade learned that Jiraiya and Uzumaki Naruto had returned
245.  Tsunade then decided to test Naruto and Sakura's growth as ninjas by pitting them against their former jonin-sensei Hatake Kakashi 
246.  After the two succeeded in their challenge and received praise from Kakashi, Tsunade officially made them a unit under their old squad name " Team Kakashi "
247. Later, while deciding on Team Kakashi’s first mission, Tsunade received word from Sunagakure that the Akatsuki had abducted Gaara , now the Fifth Kazekage
248.  Out of respect for the Konoha-Suna alliance, Tsunade sent Team Kakashi to assist
249.  A few days later, Tsunade had a bad premonition when she discovered she won a major sweepstakes and sent Team Maito Gai as backup for the mission in response
250. After Team Kakashi and Team Maito Gai returned from rescuing Gaara, Tsunade was informed that the fallen Akatsuki member Sasori had intended to meet an agent of his working within Orochimaru’s ranks
251.  Seeing the chance to get intelligence on Orochimaru, Tsunade decided to have Team Kakashi capture this spy
252.  Unfortunately, the elders were against letting Naruto go out on dangerous missions as the Akatsuki sought to capture him
253.  Tsunade sternly voiced her belief in Naruto
254.  The elders ultimately yielded under the condition that Tsunade added one of the men of Danzo Shimura, Hiruzen's fierce rival and leader of the ANBU Root division, to Team Kakashi
255. With Kakashi currently hospitalised, Tsunade also added an ANBU agent codenamed "Yamato", mainly for his ability to utilise the Wood Release and its ability to suppress the tailed beasts, should Naruto get out of control
256.  She also warned Yamato to keep an eye on Danzo's addition to the team, Sai 
257. After Team Yamato returned, having failed their mission but gained new information on Sasuke, Tsunade surmised that Sasuke’s immense growth may have come from the assistance of Orochimaru’s use of kinjutsu and Kabuto’s medical ninjutsu
258.  Tsunade was also troubled to learn that Danzō, in his self-righteous ideals, was willing to give the enemy top-secret information in an effort to complete the mission as Sai was instructed to give Orochimaru ANBU data should they meet
259. In the anime, word reached Konoha that several villages on the Fire Country’s borders were being attacked
260.  Tsunade sent several teams to investigate
261.  She also sent Team Yamato to investigate several tombs near the Fire Temple being disturbed
262.  When Team Yamato returned, they informed Tsunade that the tombrobbers were apparently after corpses of four former members of the Twelve Guardian Ninja
263.  Team Yamato also brought an unofficial new member to the team from the Fire Temple to replace an injured Sai, a young monk named Sora
264.  Tsunade also received a message explaining Sora’s troubled past and unusual powers that he is not able to control that lead to great damage of the Fire Temple
265. Later, Tsunade had the ANBU apprehend Danzō due to his recent and possibly treacherous actions and ninja from the Amegakure with Danzō
266.  Before she could interrogate the man, the elders arrived
267.  They revealed that the Rain ninja was a double-agent working for them
268.  The elders explained the same tombrobbers Team Yamato encountered may also be after Sora
269.  The elders and Danzō came to the conclusion they should confine or eliminate him
270.  Before Tsunade could voice her refusal, Sora was found spying on them
271.  Convinced that Tsunade wanted to eliminate him, Sora became furious at her
272.  Sora then asked Asuma if it was true that Asuma killed his father Kazuma
273.  When Asuma sadly admitted it, Sora’s rage unleashed his hidden powers and was able to escape
274. Later while Tsunade was deciding what to do about Sora, the village had a complete power-outage, thanks to the tombrobbers
275.  They arrived in the village and surrounded it in a giant barrier
276.  They voiced their distain for Konoha as they viewed as an imbalance to the Fire Country’s power and sought to destroy the village
277.  As they overwhelmed Konoha’s forces with a zombie resurrection technique due to most of the ninjas being outside the village, Tsunade discussed the situation with Shikamaru
278.  It was determined through Asuma that the tombrobbers intended to destroy the village with the deadly Limelight technique through the four resurrected guardians
279. After the tombrobbers were defeated and Sora was purged of his powers, Tsunade forgave Sora for his mistakes and was allowed to leave the village in peace
280. Later, when two Akatsuki members entered the Land of Fire — namely Hidan and Kakuzu — Tsunade mobilised the Nijū Shōtai to look for and if possible, capture the Akatsuki duo
281.  While capture never came to be possible, the Akatsuki members were both defeated
282.  Tsunade later performed an autopsy on Kakuzu, and found Naruto's newest technique, Wind Release: Rasenshuriken to be too dangerous for use, based on the damage done to Kakuzu's body and Naruto's arm
283.  She explained that the attack had struck at a cellular level, causing extensive damage to the both of them, and regretfully told Kakashi and Yamato not to allow Naruto to use the technique again
284. In the anime, after finishing her autopsy on Kakuzu, Tsunade received a report from a dead ANBU captain about Orochimaru and Sasuke's whereabouts
285.  She called for Kakashi, and put him in charge of Team Kurenai to investigate
286.  Because the mission involved a chance of finding Sasuke, Tsunade tried to keep Naruto from finding out about it
287.  He found out anyway, so Tsunade didn't hesitate to send him as back-up
288. Later, Tsunade received news that Team Kakashi had encountered the Three-Tails
289.  Deciding that they needed to capture the beast quickly, as to not let it fall into enemy hands, Tsunade ordered Tenten , Rock Lee , and Yamanaka Ino to aid Team Kakashi in sealing the beast
290.  Before sending them out, Tsunade made a large and special scroll to aid the team in sealing the beast
291.  She also decided to summon and send out Katsuyu for further assistance
292.  When the forces they sent continued to have problems with the sealing, Tsunade called them back to Konoha, and sent some ANBU to replace them
293.  After she heard about the ANBU losing contact with Konoha, and the disappearance of the Three-Tails, Tsunade suspected that Akatsuki were somehow involved
294. Tsunade assigned Team Kakashi and Team Kurenai on a mission to find Uchiha Itachi in the hopes that it would lead them to Sasuke
295.  Jiraiya later comes to inform her that he had found the location of the leader of Akatsuki
296.  Despite her insistence for his location to formulate a surprise attack, Jiraiya instead invites Tsunade for drinks, which she ultimately ends up agreeing to it
297.  While in Shushuya, Jiraiya reveals the details of the Akatsuki's leader and that he was in Amegakure and the difficulty of getting into the village
298.  As Jiraiya declares that he would infiltrate the village on his own, Tsunade objects but Jiraiya reminds her that he is one of the Legendary Sannin and what that meant
299.  After the two reminisce a bit about Naruto and his parents
300.  Tsunade tells Jiraiya to come back alive and if he needed help to send a toad and she'd come in person to back him up
301.  On departing, Jiraiya tells her to remain cautious of Root
302. In the anime, word reaches Konoha that the Tsuchigumo clan's fort protecting a powerful forbidden technique was under attack
303.  With Team Kakashi and Team Kurenai being the closest, Tsunade sent Katsuyu to inform them of their mission to aid the Tsuchigumo clan, in accordance with the peace treaty the Third Hokage made with them
304.  Tsunade later receives word from the teams that they and the clan have considered destroying the technique to end the possible danger it can cause
305. When word reaches Konoha of Jiraiya's death, Tsunade makes the village's top priority to analyse the clues Jiraiya gave them to uncover Pain's identity
306.  While the likes of Shizune, Ibiki, and Shikamaru are hard at work, Tsunade allows herself an opportunity to cry for her old friend
307.  Naruto, just as badly affected by Jiraiya's death as Tsunade, went away to train, both of them knowing that he was Pain's next target
308. When the invasion of Pain began, Tsunade tried to send word for Naruto to return home
309.  She was stopped by the Konoha Council, who feared his capture by the Akatsuki
310.  However, Tsunade insisted that they must have faith in Naruto, along with the rest of the next generation, and so they relented
311.  Tsunade began issuing orders for the village's defence, placing extra protection around those still working on Pain's secret
312.  She summoned Katsuyu, and had her divide and seek out every villager so that she could protect and heal them remotely
313. While sitting in the middle of a seal guarded by ANBU, transferring her chakra to Katsuyu, she was found by Pain's Deva Path, whom she recognised as one of the orphans Jiraiya had trained in the past
314.  Tsunade refused to tell it where Naruto was, proclaiming that Akatsuki was just a terrorist group and that Konoha would not give in to their demands
315.  Despite this Pain discovered Naruto's location through other means, the Deva Path resolved to make Tsunade see what Akatsuki's true goals were, by witnessing peace
316. When the Deva Path jumped into their air, Tsunade and her ANBU followed only for the village to be destroyed
317.  In the few moments between when the destruction began and ended, Tsunade poured all her chakra into Katsuyu in order to keep the villagers safe
318.  In the aftermath, she confronted Pain, who attempted to kill her with his Asura Path
319.  It was stopped by Naruto, who informed Tsunade that he would personally deal with Pain
320.  Leaving a clone of Katsuyu with Naruto, Gamakichi carries Tsunade to Sakura
321.  Having used up almost all of her chakra, Tsunade's elderly form resurfaced, she then falls into a coma and does not see Naruto's victory over Pain
322. Choji and Naruto bring lunch to Sakura and Shizune
323.  Then Naruto leaves to assist rebuilding Ichiraku
324.  When Choji says the saying, "Fools never catch a cold", Sakura has a flashback of catching Naruto's cold
325.  When Sakura sees Tsunade at her office, she collapses which Tsunade claims Sakura has an illness known as a chakra virus
326.  It was an illness long ago in another village that would turn chakra into a terrible flu and Naruto recently went to that village for a mission
327.  Tsunade, not wanting to scare the villagers orders Shizune and a team of medical ninja to capture Naruto
328. The medical-nin try to capture Naruto, thinking they are after him for overeating ramen but he escapes them every time
329.  The next morning, Naruto finds the village deserted and gets shot at from a distance from one of the medical ninja
330.  Naruto finds the ninja and questions him
331.  The medical ninja tells him that the villagers have evacuated and that Tsunade ordered Naruto's capture with explaining the reason
332.  Shizune and a team of medical ninja arrive and chase after Naruto who tries to locate Tsunade
333.  Naruto finds Tsunade but tries to corner him with a bunch of tall walls
334.  In each sides are Choji, Kiba and Tenten who are also ordered to capture Naruto though the groups of shadow clones they defeat do not contain the real Naruto
335. The real Naruto flees to Konoha Hospital, distracting Aburame Shino with one last another shadow clone as he hides in one of the rooms
336.  The room Naruto is in happens to be where Sasuke is still recuperating after their Land of Tea mission
337.  Learning Naruto was the source of ruckus occurring outside, Sasuke kicks Naruto out of his room with medical ninja grabbing him
338.  After getting results from Naruto, Shizune tells Tsunade that he doesn't have the chakra virus but sneezed due to pepper he had in his pocket and Sakura just has an allergic reaction from Naruto's sneeze
339.  After he is released, Naruto demands an apology from Tsunade for her mistake though she covers it up by claiming the entire event as an "emergency drill"
340. Tsunade assigns Naruto to capture Mr
341.  Ostrich who escaped again into Training Ground Zero
342.  Unlike last time, Mr
343.  Ostrich trained himself into becoming a nindachō
344.  Tsunade has Kotetsu Hagane captain of the team of Naruto, Shino and Lee
345.  Izumo Kamizuki learns of Kotetsu's mission and whines about not being with Kotetsu which annoys Tsunade
346.  Kotetsu has Shino locate Mr
347.  Ostrich with his kikaichū and the team manages to find him who laughs at Naruto
348.  Shino has Naruto to try and distract him while he would surprise him with his bugs
349.  Naruto makes an insult about Mr
350.  Ostrich's father but makes a fool of himself instead
351.  Shino's bugs get eaten by fly traps and the ostrich makes an escape
352.  Lee runs after him but runs into a boxing kangaroo
353.  Mr
354.  Ostrich runs to Naruto and surprises him with his ability to speak
355.  Naruto, Kotetsu and Lee all struggle in fighting against the powerful animals and decide to retreat
356. Kotetsu decides for the team to longer hold back against them when suddenly Mr
357.  Ostrich and the kangaroo find them
358.  Mr
359.  Ostrich, who now names himself Condor, is tired of humans domesticating animals and formed a team of ninja animals
360.  Shino tries to sneak his bugs to Condor again but they are eaten yet again by an anteater that is part of Condor's team
361.  The team battles against the animals, who prove to be a handful for them
362.  Kotetsu decides to use his Conch Shell Mace to fight Condor who is knocked down by his powerful kicks
363.  Izumo arrives and yells at Kotetsu to run from Condor's attack
364.  Izumo uses his Water Release: Starch Syrup Capturing Field to trap Condor and Kotetsu manages to strike down Condor
365.  The rest of the team manages to defeat the other animals they were fighting
366.  Izumo arrived to help out Kotetsu but resulted in leaving a stack of Tsunade's paperwork unfinished
367.  Kotetsu decides to make it up by finishing the work for him
368.  The flashback ends and Naruto finds Condor who is surprised to see he escaped yet again and chases after him
369. Lee arrives at Tsunade's tent and asks Sakura how she is feeling though Sakura nods her head no
370.  Lee brought a bottle of medicine Guy made for her to get well and has a flashback of when Tsunade told him he could no longer become a ninja
371.  Naruto and Sakura find Yamanaka Ino at the hospital who tells them they have a mission together
372.  They say their hellos to Lee in his room
373.  Lee accidentally drops his youth drink bottle that Gai made for him but catches it and drinks it all, putting Lee is dismay
374.  With the drink, Lee would be able to recover a little faster
375.  Naruto decides to go see Guy and have him make another drink
376.  Guy appoints Naruto to a mission to go to Mount Jofuku to retrieve the Jofuku Flower, a medicinal herb said to cure any illness and the missing ingredient in the medicine he is making
377.  Before setting off, Naruto puts on the green jumpsuit that Guy gave him
378. Naruto meets Sakura and Ino at the village gate who were waiting to leave with Naruto to their mission
379.  Naruto tells them of his mission at Mount Jofuku which is also the place of his team's mission
380.  The team takes a break at a small tea soup where the old lady there warns them of Jofuku Forest that has ghosts of dead ninja wandering about
381.  The team head to Jofuku Forest where they find a large sign blocking a path
382.  Naruto decides to go through it with Sakura and Ino following him, having no choice
383.  Naruto finds the Jofuku Flowers but upon pulling them causes some sand appearing that forms into Gaara after the mention of him from Ino
384.  The team are shocked to see "Gaara" and decide to retreat but suddenly the Gaara impostor starts attacking Naruto, having the same abilities as the real Gaara
385.  Ino tries her Mind Body Switch Technique on the impostor but cannot sense a consciousness in it
386.  Naruto destroys the Gaara impostor with the Uzumaki Naruto Combo and a Rasengan
387.  Suddenly they are approached by an old medical ninja from Konoha named Furofuki who is doing research in the forest
388. Sakura asks Furofuki who or what was the Gaara impostor and she tells it was a Jofuku Flower, which assumes the form of the nemesis of whoever pulls it
389.  They give Furofuki the letter that they were assigned to do and are given another mission by her to take loads of Jofuku Flowers back to Konoha
390.  With final ingredient made, Guy is able to finish the medicine and makes a bowl full of medicine balls for Lee
391.  Lee is shocked to hear that Sakura and her team did this and decides to recover as soon as possible
392.  While Lee starts devouring the horribly tasting medicine balls, Guy does 1000 push-ups, not wanting Lee the only one to suffer and the flashback ends
393. Tsunade tasked Team Kakashi with the mission to investigate the massacre of the Tonika Village
394.  She noted that she wished that she could send more persons along with them, but currently they were elsewhere investigating a grave robbery and the theft of Hidan's Triple-Bladed Scythe from the Nara clan's forest
395.  She later showed Kakashi, Gai and Shikamaru the results of Team Kakashi's observations and sends them out to assist them
396. At a meeting held by the Hyuga clan regarding the impending war, Hyuga Neji is appointed as the commander of the clan on the frontlines by Hyuga Hiashi which shocked some of the members
397.  Hyuga Hinata later meets with Kurenai where she is told by Shikamaru that he and quite a few of the other members of the Konoha 11 had seen Uzumaki Naruto since he left the village and that Tsunade was looking for her
398. Hopeful that Tsunade had in fact requested her to go on a mission so she could see Naruto she goes in search of her only to be disappointed
399.  She along with the other females of the Konoha 11 and Shiho are later invited by Tenten to a girls night out at Yakiniku Q
400.  Somewhat saddened that he wasn't invited, Akimichi Choji comes up with the idea of a guys night out at the same place
401.  The two groups talk about Naruto and the past, reminiscing about the first Chunin Exams
402.  The girls are later joined by Shizune and a moderately intoxicated Tsunade
403.  Tsunade attempts to apologise for how she dismissed Hinata earlier but Hinata tells her it was fine as she knew what she had to do
404.  The next day during her training with Neji she tells him that she bore no ill will towards him for her father's decision and that he was the right person to lead them in the war
405. While Tsunade remained in a comatose state, Shimura Danzo was chosen to replace her as the Candidate Sixth Hokage
406.  However, he was killed by the now-international criminal Uchiha Sasuke after the Kage Summit and the village prepared to make Hatake Kakashi the new Hokage, but Tsunade woke up before the appointment could be finalised
407.  Tsunade learned of everything that happened while she was in her coma; the start of the Fourth Shinobi War, the Shinobi Alliance, and the "identity" of Tobi
408.  After replenishing her chakra levels, she convened a war council to prepare the village for the impending war
409.  In the anime after the war council, she calls a private meeting in her temporary office as they discuss the impending war
410. Three days later, Tsunade goes to Kumogakure to meet with the other heads of the Alliance
411.  She is warmly greeted by the Fifth Mizukage while the Third Tsuchikage suggests she retire so that she can finish recuperating
412.  When they get down to business, Tsunade learns that the other Kage have decided to send Naruto and Killer B into hiding to keep them safe from Akatsuki
413.  Tsunade argues against this, believing that the jinchūriki will be valuable assets in the coming war
414.  The other Kage insist that it's for the best and Gaara reminds her that she must also take others' views into consideration
415.  She eventually agrees with their decision, albeit reluctantly
416.  Later, she helps organise the joint armies, placing particular interest in the Logistical Support and Medical Division and the Intelligence Division
417.  In the anime after the meeting with the other heads of the Alliance she requests the Fourth Raikage that B teaches Naruto to achieve the control over the Nine-Tails
418. Later, Tsunade remained at headquarters with the Raikage and the Tsuchikage, providing input when needed
419.  When the First Division engaged several reincarnated ninja, Tsunade was disturbed by the possibility that Dan may be amongst their numbers
420.  She is later surprised by news that enemies on the battlefield contained the Nine-Tails' chakra
421. When more news reached headquarters of Naruto and B's escape from their confinement, the Raikage asked Tsunade to help him deal with them
422.  She summoned Katsuyu and leaves a clone at headquarters, taking another Katsuyu with her so that they could keep up-to-date on any urgent matters at headquarters
423.  When they intercepted Naruto and B, Tsunade was amazed by Naruto's subjugation of the beast
424.  Naruto appealed to Tsunade to let him and B pass, but she informed him that she could no longer act independently, and must do what was best for the Alliance
425.  Naruto tries to escape but was stopped by the enraged Raikage, who voiced his willingness to kill Naruto and B if they would not submit
426.  Upon hearing this however, a shocked Tsunade, told him that she would not allow him to do any such thing
427. Turning to oppose the Raikage instead, she remembered Naruto's words, that he would not die until he became the Hokage, and argued that even if Naruto being killed delayed the enemy's plan, that it was unlikely that another jinchuriki would have the same success as Naruto had with controlling the Nine-Tails, and going against A's instructions, she would allow them to enter the battlefield
428.  When despite this it seemed as though A would not be swayed, Tsunade was intent on fighting him, but, as it turned out, A was testing Naruto one final time and then agreed to let him and B continue on to the battlefield when the young man proved himself
429. Upon returning to headquarters, Tsunade reviewed the data from the Logistical Support and Medical Division autopsy and was disconcerted by what Madara Uchiha and Orochimaru had done with her grandfather's DNA, and concluded that harvesting the cells was probably what had allowed Madara to live for so long
430.  When A asked if there were any hints on how to defeat Madara, Tsunade replied saying that Madara may in fact be the true definition of the word "immortal"
431.  She then told Shikaku to inform Naruto and B about the White Zetsu Army clone's transformation ability
432. Having heard a report from Inoichi about the progress that the Alliance was making on the battlefield after Naruto's release, Shikaku commented that they were gaining the upper hand
433.  At this, Tsunade smiled at A triumphantly
434.  They are subsequently told, however, that a new chakra had been sensed in the region of the Fourth Division
435.  This was confirmed to be the real Madara Uchiha which sent those at headquarters into confusion
436.  Mabui inquired about the reason behind the masked man assuming the name "Madara", to which Tsunade responded that, even more than a name, Madara was an ideal which struck fear into people from just the simple idea of him
437.  A sudden tremor was felt, and after hearing the report from Inoichi that a meteorite had been dropped on the Fourth Division, and hearing Ao report that the lives of several shinobi had been lost, Tsunade decided to head out to the front-lines of the battlefield personally
438. Adamant about her decision, she told Mabui to prepare her Heavenly Transfer Technique to transport her there
439.  Mabui protests however, saying that her technique was not intended for use on living organisms
440.  She comments that the Third Raikage was the only one able to withstand her technique because of his special body
441.  Shikaku also tried to dissuade Tsunade, telling her that it was a huge gamble regardless, and reminded her that she wasn't so lucky when it came to gambling so they should have the Hokage Guard Platoon use the Flying Thunder God Technique to transport her instead
442. Though she admits that she is bad at betting money, she argued that it was a different matter when it came to her life, citing that as the reason why she’s still alive also claiming that they should use the Flying Thunder God Technique to transport Mei, since they needed a way to deal with Madara's Fire Release techniques, and that she would simply use her Strength of a Hundred Seal to heal any damages
443.  Despite Mabui's insistence, A told her to prepare the technique for two, as he would be accompanying Tsunade
444. Mabui eventually conceded to the order, and used her technique to send them to the battlefield
445.  Upon their arrival, Tsunade attacked Madara immediately with a kick sending him flying while A attacked Mū simultaneously
446.  Sustaining some minor injuries in transit, she released the seal on her forehead and used her Creation Rebirth technique to heal herself
447.  Standing up alongside all the other Kage, she faces Madara prepared to fight
448. As the battle with Madara began, Tsunade stated that first she would heal Onoki and Gaara's injuries, and asked Mei and A to hold off Madara while she did so
449.  As she was healing them, Naruto questioned her on why she hadn't collapsed after using Creation Rebirth when she arrived
450.  Tsunade responded, telling him that this instance is different compared to the scale she had to use it on during Pain's invasion, as this time she was only healing her own injuries which were nowhere near as bad as the injuries she healed during Pain's invasion
451.  Naruto asked to be healed despite being a clone, so he could join the battle as well, but Tsunade told him that there was no need for that — Onoki then went on to explain that the war was no longer just about protecting him
452.  After being completely healed, Onoki and Gaara join the battle just in time to protect everyone from Madara's attack
453.  As Madara is downed by the Kage's combined assault, Naruto turned to Tsunade, but was told by Ōnoki that this battle is no longer Naruto's to fight
454.  Tsunade told Naruto that they could only win if they defeat both Madaras — stating that while they protected him from the reincarnated Madara on this side, he needed to protect them from Obito
455.  With that, Tsunade and the rest of the Kage give Naruto a message, telling him simply to "win" as the clone dispersed
456. As the battle continued, Tsunade took up a supplementary role and hung behind the main battle to heal the other Kage whenever they got injured
457.  As Madara used the Wood Release: Advent of a World of Flowering Trees technique, Tsunade was visibly shocked to see him use her grandfather's technique before calling out to Gaara, who suspended them above the attack
458.  She then told the other Kage to ensure they didn't inhale any of the pollen, but the Kage however were ambushed and knocked back to the forest floor by Madara's Susanoo
459.  Inhaling the pollen, they fell unconscious until Onoki managed to destroy the trees and part of Madara
460.  Tsunade later stared in shock as she sees the face formed from her grandfather's DNA jutting out of Madara's now-exposed chest
461. As Madara regenerated he asks Tsunade if she was a descendant of the man on his chest
462.  After this was confirmed, he declared that she would be the first to die
463.  As Mei states that attacking the medical-nin in a team was a common tactic that they'd never allow, Madara tells them that it was not because she was a medical-nin, but because she was a Senju descendant whom he has deemed to be weak in comparison to her grandfather, who could also use medical ninjutsu
464.  After Madara recounted Hashirama's skill with medical ninjutsu, stating that Tsunade's paled in comparison, Tsunade stated that even though she was a descendant of Hashirama who could not use Wood Release, and admits that her medical ninjutsu paled in comparison to her grandfather's — whose techniques did not require hand seals — she stated that Madara was wrong in thinking that she was weak
465.  She then went on to declare that more so than the abilities she did not inherit from her grandfather, she inherited his Will of Fire, which Madara should not take so lightly
466. As she denounced Madara's claims, she told him of the four rules she created for her students and medical-nin alike stating that she was the only one who was allowed to break these because of rule number four: only those that had mastered the Creation Rebirth technique were allowed to break the other three rules and engage directly in battle
467.  With this she completely released her Strength of a Hundred Seal, activated the Strength of a Hundred Technique, and confronted Madara — cracking his Susanoo's ribcage with a single punch
468.  As Madara counter-attacked with the Fire Release: Great Fire Destruction technique, Mei intercepted this and countered with the Water Release: Water Formation Pillar technique and then sent Madara flying into the air with the Water Release: Water Dragon Bullet Technique
469.  With this, A, Ōnoki and Tsunade prepared a twofold attack which sends Madara plummeting into the ground
470.  Barely giving him time to relent, Tsunade chided him again about inheriting the Will of Fire as opposed to something physical wondering whether or not he was even listening
471. Attacking once again, Tsunade was able to land a blow to Madara directly which destroyed his entire right side
472.  Seemingly incapacitated enough, Gaara bound and sealed him
473.  As Tsunade congratulates the other Kage, her face widened in shock as one of Madara's Susanoo Swords emerge from the ground and impaled her
474.  As Madara emerges from a root, he revealed that what they had sealed was nothing but a mere wood clone and that when Hashirama used it during their battles, he was the only one that was able to distinguish the clone with the use of his dōjutsu
475. Just as Madara sets his sights on the other Kage — believing her to be dead — Tsunade broke the sword lodged in her abdomen and, in one fluid motion, swung it at him, but Madara managed to block it by using his Susanoo's ribcage
476.  Tsunade was then sent flying back when Madara attacks her with his Yasaka Magatama technique — crashing into a wall
477.  She emerged seemingly unaffected by his attack as her wound heals
478.  Madara praised her for this, and compared her technique to Hashirama's, though she admitted that she had just intended to create an opening for an attack, but Madara was also able to nullify Ōnoki's sneak attack
479. Jeering Madara, Tsunade stated that it was true that he was able to outwit them with his wood clone, but, that at the same time it could be said that they had cornered him into using the clone
480.  This causes Madara to use the Multiple Wood Release Clone Technique, sending five clones to fight each of the Kage
481.  With this he asks them whether or not they'd prefer the clones use Susanoo, much to the Kage's collective shock
482. As the battle raged on, Tsunade sent one of the Susanoo-clad clones plummeting into the ground
483.  After A berated her increasingly reckless actions Tsunade reminded him that she had already stated she would bet her life and removed the two broken Susanoo blades from her abdomen
484.  This however, caused her some pain and she coughed up blood
485.  Spurred on to stand and fight by Ōnoki once more, the five Kage regroup and launch a new strategy with Tsunade transferring some of her chakra to Ōnoki in order to facilitate his large-scale Dust Release: Detachment of the Primitive World Technique which results in them taking out all twenty-five clones in one shot
486. After a follow-up combo attack from A, Mei, and Gaara, Madara acknowledges that they are indeed worthy of their Kage titles, and manifests his complete Susanoo
487.  After Susanoo is completed, Tsunade along with the other Kage stared in shock at the humongous construct
488.  Now realising the difference in power between the Kage and Madara, Tsunade wondered whether her grandfather really fought and defeated someone like that before being knocked down by a swing of Madara Susanoo's sword
489.  As they regained their footing, she and the other Kage stood to face Madara once more
490.  As Madara prepared to deliver another devastating blow with his sword, Tsunade formed a seal, seemingly prepared to counter the attack
491.  However, Madara's attack is halted as he was then enveloped by a light of sorts and it appeared as though he was about to be released, she wonders who could possibly have stopped the Impure World Reincarnation since the Alliance was still in the process of searching for Kabuto
492. Onoki cautioned his fellow Kage as Madara made a last desperate attempt to attack them, using the Fire Release: Dragon Flame Release Song Technique
493.  Intercepting the attack, Tsunade dissipated the flame dragons with her bare hands
494.  Her arms are burned in the process, and though Strength of a Hundred Technique was able to repair the damage, the technique wore off shortly afterwards and her Strength of a Hundred Seal disappeared as her chakra reserves depleted
495.  As she began to lose consciousness while still in mid-air, Madara prepared to impale her with his Susanoo's sword once again, but Tsunade miraculously dodged the blow
496. Tsunade reunites with Dan
497. As she wondered what it was that saved her, she heard a voice inside her subconscious where she saw Dan standing before her
498.  He commented that she hadn't changed since he was alive, still taking risks in combat, but then thanked her for achieving what he didn't by becoming Hokage and apologises for bringing so much pain into her life with his death
499.  He stated that he would be waiting for her on the other side, but insisted that she not come too soon, as she was his dream itself
500.  He left her with a kiss on her forehead, reminiscent of the one she gave him decades before, grateful that he was able to protect her, even if it meant being used in the Impure World Reincarnation
501.  Before departing, he gave her the remainder of his chakra and as the Strength of a Hundred Seal reformed, Madara commented that she has regained her vitality and wondered how that could be, to which she simply replied saying she had met an old friend
502.  With Madara having broken the Impure World Reincarnation technique's contract with the summoner, however, the Kage now faced an opponent with limitless chakra, and an immortal, uncontrolled body
503. Despite the Kage's attempts to stop Madara, they ultimately failed and were left heavily wounded, with Tsunade bisected
504.  Despite her condition, Tsunade was able to muster enough energy to summon Katsuyu
505.  Distressed by its master's condition, the slug immediately stated that it would put her back together
506.  Tsunade instead asked Katsuyu to first bring the heavily injured Kage to her, stating that she would save them first before healing herself
507.  Later, she was approached by a revived Orochimaru, who remarks about her current state
508.  He was joined by Karin and Suigetsu Hōzuki
509.  Orochimaru ordered Suigetsu to aid Katsuyu in re-attaching Tsunade's bisected body
510.  Meanwhile, Karin allowed Tsunade to bite down on her arm in order to heal her wounds
511.  After she'd recovered, Tsunade thanked Orochimaru and reluctantly admitted that he seemed to have changed since being sealed by Itachi, though she also noted that had he changed earlier, Jiraiya might have still been alive
512. Just before they parted ways, Tsunade was shocked to find out that Katsuyu's other half was already on the battlefield, and she could in fact update them on the situation there
513.  Tsunade fully healed her fellow Kage, and the group prepared to head back to the battlefield as soon as possible
514.  Atop Gaara's sand, the Kage make their way to the battlefield
515.  Upon seeing the enormous tree ahead of them, Tsunade inquired to Katsuyu about the current situation
516.  While making their way there, Tsunade and the others are startled when a telepathic link was opened and she heard the voice of her grandfather who warmly greeted her
517.  Through this method, she listened on as her grandfather explained the situation and what Madara's intentions were
518.  Later, As Naruto's anger at the loss of his comrades he had fought so hard to protect grew, his emotions and memories were conveyed to everyone within the telepathic link
519.  Tsunade sympathised with Naruto over the loss of Jiraiya and later viewed her grandfather's memories of the first ever Summit of the five Kage before arriving on the battlefield as Hashirama declared his wishes for the future of the world
520. Noting that they needed to disperse across the battlefield immediately to keep the morale going, Tsunade's first act was to head over to where a chakra-depleted Shikamaru was and expedite his healing before commending Sakura for a job well done
521.  Heading over to her grandfather, she apologised to him for the state of things, she then told him that he himself had no need to apologise either as it was not only the ills of the past that got carried into this generation, but good things such as his indomitable Will of Fire
522.  With this, she called out to her troops to prepare to fight
523. As the troops around her charged forward, she and Sakura remained behind
524.  Releasing their Strength of a Hundred Seals, Tsunade noted that with two of them able to use the seal they would be able to summon one tenth of Katsuyu's main body from the Shikkotsu Forest
525.  As the slug appeared on the battlefield and began to deconstruct, Tsuande noted that they could use Katsuyu's body in this form to create a recovery area where the shinobi could heal themselves and continue fighting
526. The Alliance is successful in defeating Obito, but as they charged forward to finish the Uchiha, Tsunade stopped them after seeing Minato and Kakashi with him
527.  They soon realise that the war was not yet won after Madara Uchiha is revived
528.  Their battlefield is soon assaulted by Guruguru and a miniature Sage Art: Wood Release: True Several Thousand Hands statue
529.  As Tsunade wondered who was using the technique, Gaara arrived with Naruto in tow pleading with Tsunade and her students to help him, however, Tsunade noted that she and Shizune no longer had enough chakra to use medical ninjutsu and directed Sakura who still had barely enough to help
530. Despite the Allied Forces' efforts, they are unable to stop Madara from casting the Infinite Tsukuyomi, trapping the world in a dream
531.  Tsunade dreams of a Konoha where Dan is Hokage, including that Nawaki and Jiraiya are still alive, and where Orochimaru never defected from the village
532.  In the anime, while waiting to join Dan for a Kage Summit, she reads a novel written by Jiraiya titled Jiraiya Shinobi Handbook: The Tale of Naruto the Hero, despite her telling him she had no interest in it earlier
533.  In the novel, Konoha went through much less upheaval; the Fourth Hokage and his wife survived the Kyuubi's attack on Konoha , and the Uchiha Clan Massacre never happened
534.  Naruto and Sasuke eventually release the Infinite Tsukuyomi, freeing Tsunade and the rest of the world and thus ending the Fourth Shinobi War
535.  While back in the village, Tsunade attends Neji's funeral
536.  Then she gives the Hokage hat to Kakashi
537.  While Kakashi is unsure about paperwork, Tsunade says that since she mange so would he
538. Two months later in Konohagakure, Tsunade had already given Naruto a new arm, since he lost his during the war
539.  After that she hears Naruto point out that Kakashi's face has already been added to the Hokage Monument, so for Tsunade to continue to be in charge confuses everyone
540.  Naruto also argues that Tsunade is too old to continue being Hokage and unfit for the responsibilities, unaware that Tsunade is behind him
541. After Tsunade angrily knocks Naruto unconscious, she too asks about Kakashi's plans
542.  Kakashi feels unqualified since he no longer has his Sharingan and therefore can't properly use the Lightning Cutter anymore
543.  He asks for her to wait until his current mission is complete before demanding his decision
544.  Kakashi is to oversee security for the maiden voyage of the Tobishachimaru, as most of Konoha's other forces are on guard duty for the Blood Prison in the wake of the death of Mui, its previous warden, several years earlier
545.  Tsunade wishes Kakashi luck and reminds him that the Tobishachimaru's existence is currently supposed to be a secret from the other Five Great Shinobi Countries
546. Later, she learns that Guy want to the Land of Waves without her permission to aid Kakashi on his mission
547.  In Konoha, Guy reports to Tsunade and pretends his innocence
548.  Before she can get started punishing him, she is forced to take a call from the Third Tsuchikage
549.  The Tsuchikage informs her that the "secret" Tobishachimaru is visible from several countries, including his own Iwagakure
550.  Although he and the other Kage have actually known about it for some time, they've trusted Konoha to keep its own affairs
551.  However, the Tsuchikage shares reports that there is a large amount of blue fire powder, a powerful explosive that reacts to water, on board
552.  He wants to trust that Konoha will handle it, but he warns that he will not hesitate to destroy the ship if it seems like it will threaten Iwagakure; the other Kage will do the same for their own villages
553.  Tsunade tells him it is bound for the Blood Prison in Kusagakure
554.  The Tsuchikage ends the call stating his hopes that that is true, or else Konoha will be held responsible for anything that happens
555. Tsunade immediately calls Rahyo, tells him the Tsuchikage's threat, and asks him to stop the Tobishachimaru
556.  Rahyō refuses
557.  Down in Konoha, villagers can now see the Tobishachimaru as it flies above them towards its destination
558.  Tsunade decides that the ship must be destroyed before another village is forced to intervene
559.  She has Ino tell Kakashi to do what he can but also warn him of her decision
560.  She sends all available Konoha ninja — except for Naruto — to the Blood Prison with the standing order to destroy the ship if it is about to cross the border into Iwagakure
561. After learning Kahyo's motives, Tsunade went to the location of the Blood Prison
562.  When Kahyo emerges, Tsunade orders she be taken into custody because the Armament Alliance's stunt has destroyed Konoha's credibility and caused the Land of Waves to abandon their plans for airborne transportation
563.  Before she can have Kahyo thrown into jail, Kakashi appears and asks to be allowed to decide her punishment
564. Because of how many passengers died because of the Armament Alliance, Kahyo should be sentenced to death
565.  However, Kakashi is willing to reduce her sentence to life-imprisonment if she will agree to be the new warden of the Blood Prison, dedicating the rest of her life to keeping those imprisoned there within its walls
566.  He explains to Tsunade how the Chains of Ice work, and how they make Kahyo uniquely qualified to replace Mui, the previous warden
567.  Shikamaru approves of this, believing it will be in all the villages' best interests
568.  Tsunade agrees on the condition that it be Kakashi's first act as Hokage
569.  Kahyo vows to accept this assignment if that is what Kakashi asks of her, so he officially takes on the title of Sixth Hokage
570. Two years after the war ended, Sakura meets with Tsunade before she leaves for Suna
571.  Tsunade tries to encourage Sakura to take it easy, as the clinic's growing success means that there are other people able and willing to do some of the work
572.  Sakura takes the opportunity to ask how to make men take notice
573.  When Tsunade can't offer her any specific advice, Sakura asks that Tsunade bet against her love life, hoping for Tsunade's bad luck to play in her favor
574. Later, Sakura has drinks with Tsunade to try and figure out how the Sasuke impostor is able to reproduce Sasuke's chakra without his knowledge
575.  Sakura theorizes that samples of Sasuke's skin and hair that naturally fall off have been gathered in amounts large enough to extract a chakra signature from
576.  Tsunade deems her idea plausible
577. Many years later in Konoha, Tsunade receives an invitation to Naruto and Hinata's wedding
578.  In the anime, she gets angry when Shizune tells her the reason why Kakashi gave everyone a mission to get gifts
579.  She learns that everyone who isn't at Naruto will be on a mission
580.  Therefore she tells Kakashi that as the Hokage he will have to change the wedding treat, so everyone can attend the wedding
581.  On the day of the wedding, guests start arriving at the ceremony to be held under the Hokage Monument
582.  Tsunade is seen occasionally offering Yamato advice on how to keep the wedding going smoothly, since he is doing the most work
583. On the day that Naruto became Hokage, Tsunade visited Jiraiya's grave by toasting a cup of sake
584.  Years later, Tsunade attends an ex-Kage meeting with the other former Kage at the Tsuchikage residence, where the Tsuchikage now resides due to his advanced age
585. Tsunade was seen in a flashback by Naruto
586. Tsunade's voice is heard off screen during the opening of the movie
587.  She sends Naruto, Sakura and Rock Lee on a B rank mission to protect Michiru and his son Hikaru
588. Tsunade sent out many advance teams to stall the stone army
589.  Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, Neji Hyūga and Rock Lee were sent to guard Shion, and deliver her to the shrine where Mōryō's body was sealed
590. Tsunade was reported by Kakashi about the mission, while worrying that the next ninja targeted will be him
591.  Tsunade seems to not care so much, telling Kakashi to relax
592.  At the hospital, Kakashi gives Naruto his bells, which they used for their first drill together, and tells him to fix them because he crushed them
593.  Tsunade sent Konoha ANBU to Mount Shumisen to search the area for tracks of the missing kekkei genkai ninja
594.  Tsunade is awaiting Gaara at a secret meeting place to discuss what shall be done
595.  However, on the way there Gaara and his Sunagakure shinobi are attacked by a hawk, which traps them in an avalanche
596. Tsunade states that Naruto is wanted for attempting to assassinate the leader of Kumogakure, the Raikage, and killing jōnin from Kirigakure and Iwagakure to Team Kakashi placed him under arrest and taken to Hōzukijō, a criminal containment facility, also known as the "Blood Prison", in Kusagakure
597.  She and all his friends have gathered there
598.  Tsunade reveals that it was Naruto's mission to destroy the box and that no one believed that Naruto really committed any of the crimes
599.   After the battle she captures the escaped criminals, and returns to Konoha
600. The alternate world's Tsunade, like the Tsunade that Naruto and Sakura know, is the Fifth Hokage
601.  However, in compared to her other self, the alternate Tsunade wears glasses and is flat-chested
602.  During her time in Konoha, the alternate Sakura nearly gets herself killed when pointing out Tsunade's busty appearance
603.  When Naruto and Sakura returnfrom the genjutsu world, Naruto and Sakura tell Tsunade and Kakashi of what transpired and sets out more guard patrol since Tobi was easily able to enter further in the village than they imagined
604.  Shizune also brings up the topic of the letters of recommendation from the beginning of the movie, to which Tsunade replies that she has no intention of promoting any of Naruto's friends to jonin
605. Two years after the Fourth Shinobi War, Tsunade assisted hundreds of Konoha citizens in evacuating to an underground shelter to protect them from falling meteors
606.  Afterwards, she attended Naruto and Hinata's wedding and congratulated them
607. She is seen during the end credits alongside Shizune
608. She also came to know Naruto's children well, especially terrifying Boruto with her temper
609. In the anime, when two chūnin-level gate guards were attacked by unknown assailants, the village was put on lockdown
610.  Tsunade soon after returned from her trip to meet with Naruto about the events
611.  She then join him when Ino probe one of the guard's his mind for answers, learning that Mitsuki had left willingly with the attackers
612.  When Tsunade asked who this boy is, Naruto revealed that Mitsuki was in fact Orochimaru's son
613.  Tsunade was furious that Naruto would permit an offspring of the man who killed the Third Hokage live in Konohagakure, let alone keep it a secret from her
614.  Naruto rationalised this on the grounds that Orochimaru's conduct as changed from before and that his aid in investigating the Ōtsutsuki
615.  Despite this, noting the unpredictable nature of Orochimaru, the meeting ended with deeming the Oto-born boy as a threat
616. As the council and the Hokage continued to talk about how best to deal with this, Kakashi voiced his overall approval of Naruto actions, noting that Naruto would never do anything he through would bring danger to the village and that the elders wouldn't even consider letting the boy in the village had they known the full story to begin with
617. As Tsunade continued to keep word about Mitsuki quite and the council from taking drastic actions, questions continue to build up on Mitsuki as Naruto and Shikamaru still felt the situation didn't make sense for Mitsuki to betray them
618.  They began wondering if the enemy's goal was Mitsuki himself because of his unique background
619.  They then received word that one of the guards was recovering and would soon awake to give them answers
620. When Shikadai contacted his father via phone, he revealed that Iwagakure was taken over as part of a plan by Ōnoki
621.  Knowing that they couldn't act hastily, Kakashi and Tsunade were sent to meet with the other Great Villages to get their support on engaging this personal matter
622. Later, after the defeat of Victor and the fall of his company, they learned that the elder was in league with Kara
623.  They were horrified to learn of Victor's attempt to recreate the God Tree
624.  Tsunade asked if it was possible Victor was the head of Kara, which was noted to be unlikely
625.  Following an investigation of the company, they realized Kara had spies through the world
626.  In light of this news the question of whether or not to close the gates to the village came up
627. In the anime, Tsunade attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi War
628.  There, she gave a speech to honor those people and voice her condolences to the victims' families
629. Tsunade is a playable character in the following video games:
630. Tsunade had nothing but respect for her grandfather, and got many of his habits during her childhood
631.  Once her grandfather died, she had kept his necklace as a memoir
632. Naruto's relationship with Tsunade began when he aided Jiraiya in looking for her as an ideal successor to their mentor Hiruzen
633.  Upon finding her, Uzumaki Naruto challenged Tsunade after she said only fools would want to become Hokage, accepting her wager of mastering the Rasengan within a week
634.  Despite her reluctance to become Hokage and lack of faith, Tsunade was loyal to her village and attempted to kill her former team-mate Orochimaru before Kabuto used her haemophobia to his advantage
635.  When Naruto defeated Kabuto with a fully mastered Rasengan, Tsunade overcame her phobia to aid him and accepted the position of Fifth Hokage
636.  As a sign of thanks for restoring her faith in their village, Tsunade entrusted Naruto with her grandfather's necklace
637. Overall, the two have a very strong relationship based on mutual love and respect, one that could almost be called familial, as Naruto is the only person to refer to Tsunade as "grandma", and likewise he is the only one Tsunade has ever allowed to refer to her in such a manner
638.  Tsunade aided Naruto in not only keeping the Konoha Council from restricting his movement, but also supporting his search for Sasuke and keeping him out of Konoha's Bingo Book
639.  During the Fourth Shinobi War, Tsunade is the only Kage who argued in favor of Naruto being allowed to fight with them
640.  Though outvoted, the other Kage eventually agree with her resolve
641.  Watching Naruto head off into battle, Tsunade looked on with an expression of nostalgia, sadness, and pride on her face
642.  A few years later she attended his and Hinata's wedding to congratulate them
643. Tsunade first met Haruno Sakura when she came to Konoha to be the fifth Hokage
644.  Tsunade saw Sakura again at the hospital after Naruto lost his battle against Sasuke to stop him from leaving Konoha
645.  Sakura requested to be her apprentice and Tsunade saw Sakura's strong determination to catch up with Naruto and Sasuke in strength and to help Naruto save Sasuke
646.  Over the next three years, Tsunade taught Sakura medical ninjutsu and how to enfuse her chakra through her fists, giving her superhuman strength
647.  Sakura credits Tsunade for passing her contempt at losing onto her and helping her gain more self-confidence
648.  While respectful of Tsunade, Sakura is fearful of her teacher's temper and says she almost came close to being killed several times during their training
649. Although displaying pride for her student, Tsunade actually worries about Sakura, due to the girl's desire to protect Naruto from the Akatsuki and her personal goal to save Sasuke from darkness
650.  Tsunade still tries to support Sakura's choices, except when she announced they would be fighting the Akatsuki and Sasuke (who had briefly been one) to protect Naruto and the rest of the world, in spite of Sakura's feelings for him
651.  She trusts Sakura enough to put her in charge of looking after the shinobi who suffer physical and mental damage during the war
652. Throughout the war, Tsunade and Sakura work together on healing all the injured after Sakura awakens her 100 Healings Seal
653.  After the war ends, Tsunade supports Sakura and Ino's clinic for mentally damaged children and seeks out ways to fund the clinic
654.  Their friendship deepens to the point where Tsunade supports Sakura's marriage to Sasuke
655. Tsunade met Sasuke when she was brought to the hospital to heal him after he was injured from fighting Itachi
656.  Although she became the Fifth Hokage and healed him, Sasuke thought less of her and showed her disrespect due to him falling deeper into darkness out of jealousy for Naruto
657.  After Sasuke abandoned Konoha and became a criminal, Tsunade declined to pursue him as a missing-nin out of respect for Naruto and Sakura
658.  However, while she was unconscious from Pain's attack on the village, Danzo decided to take her place as Hokage and his first act was to order Sasuke to be executed
659. Afterwards, Sasuke attacked the Kage Summit and created an international incident, leading Tsunade and the others to decide that she cannot afford to continue protecting him and, due to him briefly siding with the Akatsuki, they will have to fight him during the war
660.  During the war, however, when Sasuke ended up helping them to end it, Tsunade and the others were willing to let their issues with him slide because they had a war to worry about and needed his help
661.  While she was under the Infinite Tsukuyomi, Sasuke was willing to kill her and the rest of the Kage in order to start a revolution and force the nations into a peaceful union
662.  However, Naruto forces him to change his mind after their final battle
663. Despite her hard feelings for him, Tsunade later comes to accept Sasuke as a Konoha shinobi, to the point where she supports his marriage to Sakura
664. Tsunade has nothing but great respect for Kakashi, who equally respects her as the Fifth Hokage
665.  The two have a strong bond to where the crack jokes with one another and are trustful of the other
666.  Tsunade's trust for Kakashi is proven when she passes the title of Hokage to Kakashi after her retirement
667. According to the databook(s):
668. There is one key difference between her character in the actual timeline and in her own Infinite Tsukuyomi dream:
669. Tsunade has many similarities with her medical student, Haruno Sakura 
670. Tsunade has many similarities with Uotani Arisa from Fruits Basket 
671. Tsunade has many similarities with Masaki Kurosaki from Bleach 
672. Tsunade has many similarities with Rangiku Matsumoto from ' Bleach 
673. Tsunade has many similarities with Hanajima Saki from Fruits Basket 
674. Tsunade ( 綱手 ) is a descendant of the Senju and Uzumaki Clan , and is one of Konohagakure 's Sannin 
675.  She is famed as the world's strongest kunoichi and its greatest medical-nin 
676.  The repeated loss of her loved ones caused Tsunade to later abandon the life of a shinobi for many years
677.  She is eventually persuaded to return to Konoha and take on the mantle of Fifth Hokage ( 五代目火影 , Godaime Hokage , literally meaning: Fifth Fire Shadow), where her skills prove invaluable to the village
678. Hiruzen and his students
679. Tsunade is the granddaughter of Hashirama Senju and Mito Uzumaki 
680.  Because Hashirama was the First Hokage of Konohagakure , Tsunade is called "Princess" ( 姫 , Hime )
681.  Hashirama doted on Tsunade when she was very young because she was his first grandchild, and found her deviance and her adoption of his own gambling habits highly amusing
682.   Tsunade inherited his necklace when he died
683.  After she graduated from Konoha's Academy , Tsunade was teamed with Orochimaru and Jiraiya under the leadership of Hiruzen Sarutobi 
684.  When Jiraiya failed to acquire a bell during the team's first bell test , Tsunade teased him, prompting him to criticise her flat chest
685.   Despite this remark, Jiraiya had a certain interest in Tsunade from their first meeting,  which only increased after her breasts developed; when she nearly killed him for spying on her while she bathed, he was forced to be more discrete about both his attraction to her and his interest in peeping
686. Tsunade gives Hashirama's necklace to Dan
687. Tsunade's younger brother, Nawaki dreamed of someday becoming Hokage so that he could protect Konoha, their grandfather's legacy
688.  On Nawaki's twelfth birthday, Tsunade kissed his forehead and gave him Hashirama's necklace in the hopes that it would help him achieve his dream
689.  He died the next day, a casualty of the ongoing Second Shinobi World War , thus returning the necklace to her
690.  Tsunade began advocating for the inclusion of medical-nin on all four-man squads in order to avoid future deaths like Nawaki's
691.  Hiruzen, the Third Hokage, agreed with her arguments, but could not dedicate resources to the necessary implementation due to the ongoing war
692.  Dan Katō , on the other hand, shared her views, and as their relationship developed he confided with her his dreams of becoming Hokage so that he could bring change to Konoha and protect his loved one from death
693.  Tsunade kissed his forehead and gave him Hashirama's necklace in the hopes that it would help him achieve his dream
694. Hanzō dubs the Sannin
695. Although their team under Hiruzen's leadership had disbanded, Tsunade, Orochimaru, and Jiraiya continued fighting together during the Second Shinobi World War
696.  During one such fight in Amegakure , they were the only three to survive an encounter with Hanzō , an accomplishment for which Hanzō dubbed them Konoha's "Legendary Sannin "
697.   In the aftermath of the battle, Jiraiya opted not to return to Konoha so that he could train the Ame orphans 
698.  Tsunade would go on to make her own independent contributions to the war, frequently counteracting Chiyo of Sunagakure 's poisons 
699.   Although Tsunade's actions are said to have won the war for Konoha,  Tsunade was unable to prevent Dan's death, and her failure to stop his severe blood loss caused her to develop haemophobia 
700.  With Dan's death, Hashirama's necklace returned to Tsunade once again, convincing some that the necklace was cursed to kill anyone who wore it other than Tsunade
701.  Tsunade herself became convinced that achieving one's dreams was impossible and that to be Hokage was a "fool's job"
702.  She therefore left Konoha during the height of the Third Shinobi World War , taking Dan's niece, Shizune , with her to train her as an apprentice
703.  Due to her haemophobia, Tsunade retired from any direct involvement in healing or combat, instead relying on Shizune's skills whenever a need for either came up
704. Tsunade challenges the Fourth Raikage to an arm wrestling match
705. At one point during their travels, Tsunade and Shizune encountered with the Fourth Raikage A , where the latter requested her help in removing the Exploding Insect implanted in his subordinate 
706.  However, Tsunade was completely drunk and ended up falling asleep, completely forgetting about her conversation with A
707.  After A insisted, Tsunade challenged him to an arm wrestling contest, promising to help should she lose
708.  A managed to defeat Tsunade by using his speed rather than strength, and Tsunade complied and followed him to his subordinate's location
709.  After Tsunade diagnoses the situation and realises that one of the insects was also inside A, she decided to conduct the surgery
710.  However, Tsunade instead enlisted Shizune to conduct it, and once blood was splattered in her face, Tsunade left to regain her composure while Shizune performed the surgery and explained the origins of Tsunade's trauma to A and his team
711. Tsunade was very willing to believe in the attainability of dreams while Nawaki and Dan were still alive, and that by supporting and encouraging those dreams she might be able to help achieve them
712.  When both died gruesomely shortly after receiving her support, Tsunade lost faith in the idea of dreaming for anything, believing that the mere pursuit of it would be doomed from the outset
713.  She becomes especially critical of those wanting to be Hokage, as both Dan and Nawaki died trying to attain the title and the past Hokage have all died prematurely and, as Tsunade argues, pointlessly because they held the position; she concludes that to be Hokage is a fool's job
714. Tsunade's traumatic loss develops hemophobia
715. Tsunade is forced to reconsider her cynicism upon meeting Naruto Uzumaki , who demonstrates two things to her: just because a goal seems impossible does not mean it actually is, as Naruto is able to master the Rasengan unprecedentedly quickly despite seemingly lacking any natural talent; and just because the dreamer dies does not mean the dream itself does, as Nawaki and Dan's desire to become Hokage lives on in Naruto
716.  Because Naruto is so very much an exception to how she thought the world worked, Tsunade puts her faith in dreams once again, a desire so strong that she overcomes her fear of blood
717.   She becomes Hokage herself, partly so that she can live Nawaki and Dan's dream for them, but also so that she can pave the way for Naruto inevitably holding the title
718.  Becoming close to Naruto, he became the only person she allowed to refer to her as "Grandma", knowing it was out of affection
719. As Hokage, Tsunade is committed to protecting Konoha and its villagers, willing to give her life for her village and allies if necessary
720.   Just as she once did, Tsunade supports all other dreams that she can: when Rock Lee tells her he dreams of being a ninja despite knowing he may die trying, she does not argue his decision and, in the anime, does all that she can to ensure he survives
721.  She does this because Nawaki and Dan loved Konoha and so she keeps their dreams alive by doing so, but also because Konoha's continued survival honours all those who gave their lives creating it and keeping it safe
722.  Although her reasons are somewhat different, the outcome is nevertheless consistent with the Will of Fire 
723.  Tsunade is similarly optimistic about the next generation of Konoha's ninja, especially Naruto, convinced that the village's future will be in good hands because of them
724.  She in fact becomes angry when others lack this same faith in Naruto and his peers, believing it is better to let them try and then fail than to assume their failure is inevitable and thus prevent them from trying
725.   Demonstrations of her own faith include but are not limited to: congratulating Shikamaru Nara for his failed mission because at least none of his teammates died;  and not labelling Sasuke Uchiha a missing-nin because she trusts that Naruto can someday convince him to return to Konoha
726. Even as a child, Tsunade had a love for gambling
727. Despite her many noble qualities, Tsunade is not without her faults and vices
728.  She is blunt and short-tempered, prone to striking Naruto for his immaturity or Jiraiya for his perversion; she is widely feared because of this tendency
729.   Her own behaviour isn't much better than theirs, as she drinks constantly, sometimes sleeps on the job, and tries as much as she can to have other people do her work for her
730.  One of her favourite vices is gambling, which she acquired from her grandfather, Hashirama Senju
731.  Despite how often and how irresponsibly she gambles, Tsunade has notoriously bad luck, causing those who have made huge profits off of her to mockingly call her "The Legendary Sucker" ( 伝説のカモ , Densetsu no Kamo )
732.   Tsunade is fully aware of how unlucky she is, and so whenever she hits a winning streak she takes it as a bad omen and prepares for the worst;  she has at times tried using her bad luck to her advantage, betting on outcomes she doesn't want so that her unluckiness will prevent them from happening
733.   Hashirama finds Tsunade's many bad habits highly amusing on a personal level, but when he is told that Tsunade is Hokage he immediately worries about what misfortunes she's brought upon Konoha
734. Jiraiya assumed that there was a mutual attraction between him and Tsunade from their first meeting, a statement that only served to annoy and anger her
735.  Despite his many advances over the years, Tsunade never reciprocated his feelings, only ever loving Dan, even decades after his death
736.  Jiraiya wasn't discouraged by this and claimed that her repeated rejections had not only made him stronger, but they've provided excellent material for his Icha Icha series of books
737.  Though he concluded that to be happy wasn't his fate
738.  Tsunade doubted he believed his own words and she commented that he did not need to put on a brave front when he returned from Amegakure 
739.   When Jiraiya ended up dying during that same mission, Tsunade privately mourned for the loss of her dear friend and team-mate
740.   Her greatest desire was to be with her lost loved ones , while supporting Dan as he lived out his dream of being Hokage
741.   Despite this, she chose not to have Dan and Nawaki reincarnated when given the chance as she realised it would go against everything they stood for
742. Despite Orochimaru 's contribution in their victory in the Fourth Shinobi World War , Tsunade remains guarded against him due to a long history of betrayal and distrust
743.  This influenced her thoughts of anyone related to him, and she was furious at Naruto, in his capacity as the Seventh Hokage, for allowing Orochimaru's child, Mitsuki , to immigrate into Konohagakure
744.  Mitsuki's heritage alone led Tsunade to develop a prejudiced view that he is as dangerous as his parent
745. Tsunade is a fair-skinned woman with brown eyes and straight blonde hair that parts above her forehead
746.  Her hair has shoulder-length bangs that frame her face and the rest reaches her lower back
747.  During her childhood and through her young-adult years she wore her hair in a high ponytail, she later keeps it tied in two loose ponytails
748.  The Strength of a Hundred Seal - taking the appearance of a violet diamond- is clearly visible on her forehead
749.  In her childhood, she wore grey mesh shirt and over it a teal-coloured kimono with short sleeves and red-lining around the collars which she secured with a blue sash
750.  She also wore red wristbands and white wrapping over her calves with blue sandals
751. As an adolescent, Tsunade was considered flat-chested, something which her teammate Jiraiya poked fun at
752.  By young-adulthood however, Tsunade grew into a slender woman with noticeably large breasts, which Jiraiya noted to be 106 centimetres;  she is in fact widely regarded as the most beautiful kunoichi in the world
753.   By her fifties, she appears much older, being heavily wrinkled and rather frail-looking (presumably from over-usage of her Creation Rebirth )
754.  However, Tsunade maintains her youthful appearance using a unique Transformation Technique 
755.  Tsunade often wears a grass-green haori with the kanji for "gamble" ( 賭 , kake ) on the back, inside a red circle
756.  Underneath she wears a grey, kimono-style blouse with no sleeves, held closed by a broad, dark bluish-grey obi that matches her pants
757.  Her blouse is closed quite low, revealing her sizeable cleavage
758.  She wears open-toed, strapped black sandals with high heels
759.  She has red nail polish on both her fingernails and toenails and uses a soft pink lipstick
760.  She wore the First Hokage's necklace for many years until she gives it to Naruto
761. Tsunade shattering Madara's Susanoo ribcage
762. Like other students of the Third Hokage , Tsunade is an exceptionally talented shinobi
763.  Her skills became well-known following the Second Shinobi World War when dubbed by Hanzō as a Sannin , alongside Jiraiya and Orochimaru
764.  Tsunade's skills are popularly held as the reason for Konoha's victory during that war, and in the years following, became known as the world's strongest kunoichi
765.   Despite being rusty, Tsunade's skills easily outclassed Kabuto Yakushi 's when they battled, with him having to rely on using a Military Rations Pill to continue battling, and use her fear of blood against her to gain the upperhand
766.  Following the Third Hokage's death, she was unanimously recognised to become the Fifth Hokage , proving her worth by saving countless villagers when Pain decimated Konoha
767.  Even the likes of Madara Uchiha admits that Tsunade was worthy of being a Kage
768. Tsunade ruptures the ground with one finger
769. While Tsunade believes it is vital for a medical-nin to avoid injury, as they cannot perform their duties if anything happens to them,  she is equally famous for her immense prowess in taijutsu, said to wield the highest level of efficiency
770.   This is mainly done as a deterrent to keep enemies from getting too close to her while she performs her medical-nin duties
771.  Even more, belying her slender form, Tsunade wields inhuman raw strength as severing her muscles is needed to inhibit that strength
772.   She can easily split the ground with a finger strike,  lift and hurl Gamabunta 's sword with deadly accuracy,  even break through Susanoo , an " absolute defence ", with only a few hits
773. Tsunade releasing her seal
774. As a descendant of both the Senju and Uzumaki Clans , Tsunade inherited their life-force and physical energy, allowing her to still fight at peak performance despite her naturally frail form and battle the likes of Madara Uchiha for over half a day without exhaustion
775.  She can even endure several mortal stabs to the chest  and retain consciousness after being bisected  long enough to heal others before being healed herself
776.  Her reserves of chakra are immense, enough to heal several thousand shinobi during the final battle with Obito Uchiha 
777.  She also has excellent control over her chakra , able to perform her various feats to the maximum efficiency with absolute minimum required chakra and build-up time
778.  Her timing and precision for focusing her chakra is so advanced, by releasing it in parts of her body at the key point of contact, she can further her strength to decimate a target in a single blow
779.  Likewise, she can inject chakra into an opponent, scrambling their body's electric signals so that commands, like making one's hand move when intending to move their leg
780. Tsunade and Katsuyu healing injuries
781. Tsunade has advanced skill with fūinjutsu 
782.  With her Strength of a Hundred Seal , she can continuously store up additional chakra into it
783.  When the seal is released , Tsunade has access to all the accumulated chakra, totaling a so-named hundred-times her usual chakra levels
784.  While normally using this extra chakra to perform her techniques, she can also transfer the chakra to others, either to replenish or amplify their own
785.   Tsunade can summon segments of Katsuyu , a slug from the Shikkotsu Forest 
786.  In addition to fighting alongside Tsunade, Katsuyu can use her divisions as a form of long-distance communication or to move and shield Tsunade's injured allies
787.  Should her allies be a distance away, she can send Katsuyu to their location
788.   By linking with Katsuyu, Tsunade can monitor those that Katsuyu has attached to, remotely healing them and replenishing their chakra as needed
789. Tsunade's natures include Lightning , Fire , Water , and Earth , as well as Yang  and in the anime Yin Release 
790.   In the anime, she can make shadow clones and also shows proficiency in space–time ninjutsu and barrier ninjutsu 
791. Despite being in her fifties, Tsunade constantly appears as if she were still in her twenties through her Transformation Technique 
792.  Tsunade's usage of this technique is unique as she can maintain changed forms as she desires without exerting any effort, even while injured or asleep but dispels when she runs out of chakra, reverting her to her natural appearance
793.   She readily alters what age she appears in order to avoid her gambling debts
794. Tsunade is hailed as the world's greatest medical-nin, able to identify any ailments at a glance and treat conditions that other medical-nin deem impossible to cure
795.  Orochimaru believed only she could reverse the necrosis-like effects of the Dead Demon Consuming Seal 
796.  Amongst other things, she healed the psychological damage of Tsukuyomi ,  fixed the damage to Rock Lee 's spine when he was deemed a helpless case,  and counteracted the effects of the Three Coloured Pills with instructions from the Nara Clan Medical Encyclopaedia 
797.   She also near-instantly healed Shikamaru's severe chakra depletion after he came into contact with a root of the God Tree ; the chakra cloak surrounding him noticeably reacting to her treatment
798. Tsunade healing herself with Creation Rebirth
799. Undoubtedly, the pinnacle of Tsunade's medical prowess is her Creation Rebirth , which draws on her vast chakra supplies to instantaneously heal any wounds she receives
800.  Because it requires no hand seals to perform, she needs no conscious effort on her part once active, and can heal any damage no matter how severe (her chakra levels permitting); Orochimaru describes it as a form of immortality that even he is envious of
801.   Despite how useful it is in battle, Creation Rebirth is a double-edged sword: the body's cells can only divide and be created a set amount of times, so whenever Tsunade uses the technique she shortens her lifespan
802.  Because of this, she only uses it in very desperate situations
803. Tsunade researching for a procedure
804. Tsunade's skills extend beyond the typical medical ninjutsu 
805.  She earned fame during the Second Shinobi World War for being the only person able to make antidotes for the poisons of Sunagakure 's Chiyo 
806.   Similarly, she can make sleeping potions that are undetectable to even the most skilled ninja
807.   She is knowledgeable enough to perform autopsies and examine damage on a cellular level
808.  She is a skilled researcher
809.  In the anime, she figured out Kabuto Yakushi 's Yin Healing Wound Destruction and uses what she finds to raise the survival rate of Rock Lee's medical procedure
810.   Following the Fourth Shinobi World War , she studies the material that the White Zetsu Army is made of and learns to make moveable replacement limbs from it
811.  She has also consistently proven to be a highly skilled teacher in medical ninjutsu, as all her disciples, Shizune, Sakura, Ino, each became very respected medical-nin in their own respective rights
812.  Due to her vast medical knowledge, Tsunade was primarily responsible for setting up the modern system of medical-nin, though she exempts herself from many of the laws that govern them due to her Creation Rebirth
813. Main article: Search for Tsunade Tsunade hits a jackpot while playing the slot machines in Tanzaku Quarters 
814.  She takes this as a sign that something bad is about to happen and makes immediate plans to leave the city, but Shizune convinces her to visit a local castle before they go
815.  While they're there, the castle is destroyed by a snake , Orochimaru 's way of saying hello
816.  Tsunade immediately notices the damage to his arms and, guessing he wants her to heal them, preemptively refuses
817.  Orochimaru's assistant, Kabuto Yakushi , explains that they've tried all other options and that only Tsunade can help
818.  She asks how his arms were damaged, to which Orochimaru responds that the damage was received while he killed Hiruzen Sarutobi 
819.  Tsunade becomes enraged and threatens to kill Orochimaru, but he piques her interest when he offers to revive Nawaki and Dan Katō 
820. Tsunade asks what he would do if his arms were restored
821.  Orochimaru replies that he would destroy Konohagakure , which is what he was trying to do when his arms were damaged in the first place
822.  Shizune tries to convince Tsunade to help her kill Orochimaru and Kabuto, but they decide to leave instead, giving Tsunade a week to decide
823.  While having dinner later, they are found by Jiraiya 
824.  Jiraiya asks her to become the Fifth Hokage , which she refuses, upsetting Jiraiya's companion, Naruto Uzumaki 
825.  Tsunade recognises Naruto as the jinchūriki of the Nine-Tails and starts remarking on what a waste it was for the Fourth Hokage to give his life saving Konoha from the Nine-Tails
826.  She reflects further that all the past Hokage have wasted their lives for the village and concludes that only a fool would ever want the title
827. Tsunade and Naruto face-off
828. Naruto, who has his own dreams of being Hokage, is enraged and tries to attack Tsunade
829.  Jiraiya holds him back, but Tsunade agrees to fight with him outside the restaurant
830.  Tsunade easily outmatches Naruto using only one finger for offence and defence, but she's unsettled by how similar his resolve is to Nawaki and Dan's
831.  While she's distracted by this, Naruto attacks her with an incomplete Rasengan , which she once again avoids using only a finger
832.  She berates Jiraiya for teaching Naruto the Rasengan at all, declaring it cruel to let someone as untalented as him believe he can master something as complicated as the Rasengan
833.  Naruto vows to complete it in three days, prompting Tsunade to make a wager: if Naruto can master the Rasengan in a week, she'll give him the First Hokage's necklace ; if he can't, she gets his wallet 
834.  Naruto agrees
835. Tsunade and Jiraiya have drinks later
836.  Jiraiya guesses that Orochimaru made some offer to Tsunade
837.  He doesn't ask for details about the offer, but he promises to personally kill her if she does anything to endanger Konoha
838.  She claims not to care about the village, so Jiraiya reminds her of how important the village was to Nawaki and Dan; he further notes how similar they, particularly Nawaki, are to Naruto
839.  Tsunade keeps tabs on Naruto as he trains, but by the end of the week he has failed to master the Rasengan and the intense training leaves him bedridden
840.  Shizune pleads with Tsunade not to accept Orochimaru's deal and, when this fails, she tries to use force, prompting Tsunade to knock her out
841.  She meets with Jiraiya again and drugs his drink, knocking him out and, when he wakes up the next morning, making it difficult for him to use his chakra 
842. Tsunade preparing to "heal" Orochimaru
843. Tsunade meets with Orochimaru and agrees to heal his arms on the condition that he would leave Konoha alone
844.  Orochimaru agrees
845.  She approaches him, apparently to heal him, but Kabuto notices at the last moment that she has killing intent and stops her
846.  Orochimaru questions why she would deceive him, to which she replies that she knew he was lying about sparing Konoha
847.  Although she desperately wants to see Nawaki and Dan again, she knows they wouldn't want to be brought back at the cost of Konoha's safety, something Naruto has reminded her of
848.  Orochimaru and Kabuto state that they'll force her to heal his arms, causing her to attack them
849.  They draw her away from the city and Kabuto, a medic-nin , tries neutralising her, but she heals all the debilitating damage he does
850.  Unable to stop her through conventional means, Kabuto slits his own wrists and coats her with his blood, paralysing her due to her phobia
851. Tsunade protected by Naruto
852. Jiraiya, Shizune, and Naruto eventually arrive to help
853.  Shizune looks after Tsunade as she shudders from the blood while Jiraiya fights Orochimaru and Naruto fights Kabuto
854.  Naruto is quickly defeated by Kabuto, as is Shizune when she tries to face him afterwards
855.  Kabuto approaches Tsunade and tries to restrain her, which she is unable to fend off in her condition
856.  Naruto stops him and attacks with an incomplete Rasengan, but misses, causing Kabuto to start commenting on his lack of talent, just as Tsunade did the week before
857.  Naruto persists and, after making a shadow clone to help him, he is able to strike Kabuto with a perfected Rasengan
858.  Kabuto is defeated, but as his last act he severs Naruto's heart muscles
859.  Tsunade tries healing him, fearing that he'll die just like Nawaki and Dan did
860.  She succeeds, and in a brief moment of regained consciousnesses Naruto claims the necklace he's won
861. Tsunade defeats Orochimaru
862. Orochimaru decides to kill Naruto and attacks with his Sword of Kusanagi 
863.  Tsunade uses her body to block the attack, her way of protecting Naruto, Konoha's future Hokage
864.  Orochimaru keeps trying to attack him, which Tsunade keeps using her body to block
865.  Her resolve to protect Naruto eventually overcomes her fear of blood, allowing her to go on the offensive: she kicks Orochimaru, activates Creation Rebirth to heal all the damage she's received, and declares her acceptance of the position of Fifth Hokage
866.  She, Jiraiya, and Orochimaru each summon Katsuyu , Gamabunta , and Manda , respectively
867.  When Manda proves too elusive for Katsuyu and Gamabunta, Tsunade uses Gamabunta's sword to pin Manda to the ground with his mouth shut
868.  She then delivers a sequence of punches to Orochimaru's face, forcing him to escape with Kabuto; before he leaves, he warns that he has other ways of fixing his arms
869. Having used so much chakra during the fight, Tsunade's younger transformation fades after the battle, but it is restored before Naruto wakes up
870.  When he hears about what happened while he was unconscious, Naruto expresses his concern that she isn't qualified to be Fifth Hokage, being vastly inferior to Hiruzen
871.  Tsunade challenges him to a fight and once again outmatches him using a single finger
872.  Rather than defeat him, however, she kisses his forehead to symbolise her faith in his achieving his dreams, just as she once did for Nawaki and Dan
873. Main article: Sasuke Recovery Mission
874. Tsunade becomes the Fifth Hokage
875. When they get back to Konoha, the villagers start making preparations to officially place Tsunade into office
876.  Before that can happen, Naruto has Tsunade heal the damage to the minds of Kakashi Hatake and Sasuke Uchiha 
877.  She also looks at the damage to Rock Lee 's spine; although she's the only one who can fix it, she confesses that there's a fifty percent chance he wouldn't survive the procedure and recommends he give up on life as a ninja
878.  After thinking it over, Lee tells her plainly that being a ninja is his dream, which she cannot argue with
879.  In the anime, Tsunade tries to improve his chances of survival by studying one of Kabuto's jutsu , and in doing so she improves Lee's odds to 58%
880.  Lee ultimately survives the procedure
881. Being Hokage comes with a heavy workload, especially in the aftermath of Orochimaru's Konoha Crush , which left the village understaffed
882.  For this reason, when Tsunade is informed that Sasuke has defected to Orochimaru, Shikamaru Nara - only recently promoted to chūnin - is the highest ranking ninja she can assign to lead the Sasuke Recovery Team ; she allows him any genin he can recruit for the mission, though recommends Naruto's inclusion
883.  After the Recovery Team leaves, Tsunade is notified of the Konoha Special Mission Platoon 's defeat by the Sound Four , Sasuke's escorts
884.  Having already suspected that a team of genin wouldn't be enough, she requests Sunagakure 's support so that Orochimaru, a mutual enemy of both villages, can't gain Sasuke's Sharingan 
885.  She is also informed that Lee, despite still recovering from his surgery, has also gone off to lend support
886. Despite the best efforts of the Recovery Team, Lee, and Suna's Three Sand Siblings , they are unable to stop Sasuke from joining forces with Orochimaru
887.  Tsunade sends the Medic Corps to retrieve the Recovery Team's members and tend to their injuries; Tsunade, by studying the Nara Clan Medical Encyclopaedia , is able to cure Chōji Akimichi of the Three Coloured Pills ' side-effects
888.  Tsunade is later approached by Sakura Haruno , who asks to be taught medical ninjutsu 
889.  Sensing that Sakura has something she wants to protect (Naruto and Sasuke), Tsunade agrees
890. Main article: Mizuki Tracking Mission Jiraiya makes plans to take Naruto away from the village to train him
891.  In the anime, Naruto must remain in Konoha while Jiraiya is off investigating and it is up to Tsunade to keep him preoccupied with other missions so that he won't go after Sasuke by himself
892.  When, during one of these missions, the Legendary Stupid Brothers escape from prison, Tsunade convinces them to surrender with a quick display of genjutsu and her strength
893. Main article: The Appearance of Strange Visitors In the anime, Tsunade learns that Rock Lee and Might Guy are being impersonated by Mondai and Potcha 
894.  Deciding to have fun with the two, Tsunade pretends to believe their disguises and has them do many arduous tasks for her
895.  The workload horrifies the two and eventually drives them away from the village
896. Main article: In Naruto's Footsteps: The Friends' Paths Sakura progresses rapidly under Tsunade's tutelage
897.  In the anime, Ino Yamanaka also asks to train with Tsunade
898.  From seeing the rivalry that exists between Sakura and Ino and how that competition drives them each to do better, Tsunade agrees
899.   However, she teaches Ino only medical ninjutsu and not the additional skills she teaches Sakura, believing it would be better for Ino to focus on her clan's hiden jutsu 
900. Tsunade and the Konoha Council meeting with the Suna delegation
901. About two years after Naruto leaves Konoha to train with Jiraiya, Tsunade proposes to Suna's Fifth Kazekage that their two villages hold a Chūnin Exam 
902.  Publicly, the exam will demonstrate the alliance that now exists between their two villages
903.  Secretly, the exam will hopefully draw out Akatsuki , who are after jinchūriki like the Kazekage
904.  The Kazekage agrees and the two villages split responsibilities for the exams
905.  She sends Kakashi Hatake to invite Amegakure to the exams with instructions to investigate rumours that Ame's leader, Hanzō , has been overthrown
906.   Ame accepts the invitation and Kakashi is unable to uncover anything, but both are convinced that something unusual is happening in Ame
907. The first stage of the exams is completed in Konoha without incident
908.  Before the examinees and proctors relocate to Suna for the second stage, Tsunade warns the Konoha personnel to be alert to attacks on the Kazekage
909.   The Kazekage is indeed attacked during the second stage, forcing the exams to be cancelled prematurely
910.  Performance reports on the remaining participants are sent to their respective villages to decide who will be promoted to chūnin; Tsunade promotes the members of Team 8 , Team 10 , and Team Guy 
911.  She also promotes Neji Hyūga to jōnin because of his role in protecting the Kazekage
912. Main article: Kazekage Rescue Mission
913. Tsunade and Shizune oversee Naruto and Sakura's bell test
914. Tsunade is informed of Naruto's return to Konoha after two-and-a-half years of training
915.  She shares this news with Sakura and together they welcome him back
916.  Tsunade has Naruto and Sakura reform Team 7 under Kakashi's leadership
917.  While trying to find a mission to send Team 7 on that Naruto won't complain about, Tsunade receives a report that Suna's Fifth Kazekage has been kidnapped by Akatsuki 
918.  Tsunade decides to send Team 7 to lend assistance in the Kazekage's rescue in full awareness that Akatsuki wants to capture Naruto too
919.  She isn't initially concerned, but when she suddenly wins the lottery she takes this as a bad sign and sends Team Guy to provide additional support
920. A few days later they receive news that the Kazekage was successfully rescued and that Teams 7 and Guy will be returning to Konoha
921.  Shizune questions the wisdom of sending Naruto into battle with Akatsuki, to which Tsunade replies that, because both Naruto and the Kazekage are jinchūriki , Naruto was the single best person for the mission
922. Main article: Tenchi Bridge Reconnaissance Mission When she gets back to Konoha, Sakura shares intel she's received of an opportunity to meet with a spy in Orochimaru's ranks, what may serve as an opportunity to find Sasuke Uchiha
923.  Kakashi is left bedridden after the mission in Suna, requiring that new members be assigned to Team 7 to go meet the spy
924.  Shizune once again questions Naruto's inclusion on the team, believing it would be safer to keep him in Konoha
925.  Tsunade insists that Naruto is one of the few people she can trust with the mission with absolute certainty, and that besides it's a personal matter for him and he wouldn't allow himself to be excluded
926. Tsunade meets with Homura and Koharu to discuss Naruto
927. Tsunade is shortly afterwards summoned before the Konoha Council , with whom Shizune has shared her concerns and who also believe that Tsunade is deploying Naruto irresponsibly
928.  Tsunade repeats her earlier reasoning, adding that Akatsuki will inevitably come for Naruto, and that if he keeps getting sent out on missions it will make it more difficult for Akatsuki to locate him
929.  The Konoha Council relents after Tsunade promises to be held solely responsible in the event that her decisions and/or Naruto's capture endanger Konoha
930.  They do, however, insist on including one of Danzō Shimura 's underlings ( Sai ) on this new Team 7, which Tsunade agrees to
931.  Tsunade also assigns an Anbu , codenamed " Yamato ", to lead Team 7, partly so that he can keep an eye on Sai, but also because his wood release will help Naruto keep the Nine-Tails under control
932. Although the new Team 7 does indeed meet Sasuke, they fail in bringing him back to Konoha
933.  Naruto and the others are not deterred, however, and vow to try again, which Tsunade approves
934. Main article: Twelve Guardian Ninja
935. Tsunade attacks Sora for calling her an old lady
936. In the anime, Tsunade sends Team 7 to investigate some grave robberies near the Fire Temple 
937.  When they return, they report that the robbers , whoever they are, have a seeming interest in the graves of members of the Twelve Guardian Ninja 
938.  Because Sai was injured during the investigation, the Fire Temple allows Sora to fill in for him; Tsunade receives a confidential message that Sora's past and unusual powers pose a risk to the Fire Temple
939.  Meanwhile, Tsunade has Danzō taken into custody on the suspicion that he is betraying Konoha to Amegakure 
940.  While she interrogates Danzō's apparent Ame-contact, the Konoha Council informs her that the man is a double-agent who has reported that the grave robbers may be after Sora
941. Tsunade is saved by Naruto from Sora's attack
942. The councillors recommend that Sora be either confined or eliminated
943.  While Tsunade tries to decide what to do, Sora attacks her, but he is driven off by the arrival of Shizune and Naruto
944.  The grave robbers soon afterwards arrive in Konoha, erecting a giant barrier around the village while earthen zombies attack
945.  While most of Konoha's forces go on the defence, Tsunade sends Asuma Sarutobi to retrieve Sora
946.  Sora eventually starts rampaging through the village with the Nine-Tails' chakra he has, and Tsunade prepares to confront him, but Naruto ends up dealing with it
947.  Once the grave robbers are all defeated, Tsunade pardons Sora for his actions and allows him to leave Konoha
948. Main article: Akatsuki Suppression Mission
949. Tsunade finishes Kakuzu's autopsy
950. Tsunade receives increasing reports of Akatsuki activity in other countries
951.  She can't do anything until they enter the Land of Fire , but nevertheless starts making preparations
952.  Once she receives news of Akatsuki's attack on the Fire Temple , Tsunade mobilises Twenty Platoons to find the Akatsuki members, capture them if possible, and, if capture is impossible, to eliminate them
953.  Although one of the Twenty Platoons is able to find the Akatsuki members ( Hidan and Kakuzu ), both elude capture and Asuma Sarutobi is killed
954.  A funeral is held in Konoha while the remaining Twenty Platoons continue the search
955. Asuma's students on Team 10 leave Konoha to join the search and avenge him, which Tsunade tries to stop, citing among other reasons that they need a fourth member
956.  Kakashi volunteers to accompany them, and Tsunade is forced to relent
957.  Tsunade is aware that they'll need backup and starts looking for candidates; she has Sakura tell Naruto that, if he would like to go, he'll first need to complete the new jutsu he's been working on
958.  He does indeed complete it and the Akatsuki members are ultimately defeated
959.  Tsunade afterwards performs an autopsy on Kakuzu's body, examining the damage that Naruto's new Rasenshuriken did to it
960.  From the cellular damage Kakuzu received, Tsunade concludes that the Rasenshuriken is as dangerous to Naruto as it is to his opponents and should therefore not be used again
961. Main article: Three-Tails' Appearance In the anime, Tsunade receives a dying Anbu's report about one of Orochimaru's bases
962.  She puts Kakashi in charge of Team 8 and sends them to investigate
963.  Because the mission has the chance of meeting Sasuke, Tsunade tries to keep Naruto from finding out about it
964.  He finds out anyway, so Tsunade allows him and the rest of Team 7 to provide backup
965.  Their teams later report encountering the Three-Tails , which Tsunade decides must be dealt with to prevent it from falling into enemy hands
966.  She sends them instructions for a seal to place on the Three-Tails, some Konoha personnel to help perform the seal, as well as part of Katsuyu to provide additional assistance
967.  Orochimaru's forces repeatedly interfere with the sealing, so Tsunade has some Anbu take over the sealing while the others return to Konoha
968.  She later loses contact with the Anbu and the Three-Tails disappears, leading Tsunade to suspect Akatsuki's involvement
969. Main article: Itachi Pursuit Mission Jiraiya visits Tsunade and reports rumours that Orochimaru has been killed by Sasuke
970.  They share these rumours with Naruto and Sakura, who suspect that Sasuke is making moves against his brother, Itachi Uchiha of Akatsuki
971.  Naruto proposes that they try to locate Itachi so that they can, in turn, find Sasuke
972.  Despite how unsuccessful previous attempts to capture Akatsuki members have been, Tsunade approves the formation of a combined Eight Man Squad to find Itachi
973. Tsunade talks with Jiraiya
974. Jiraiya visits Tsunade later with news that he's discovered the location of Akatsuki's leader, though he refuses to go into more detail until she meets him for drinks
975.  While having saké, Jiraiya shares news of Amegakure's ongoing civil war, which the Akatsuki leader is rumoured to be behind
976.  Because Amegakure is in a delicate political situation, Jiraiya must infiltrate the village by himself to confirm before Konoha can take direct action
977.  Tsunade feels guilty for always relying on him to do dangerous work like this and reflects on happier times, before Orochimaru's apparent death and when he was still their friend
978.  As Jiraiya prepares to leave, Tsunade instructs him to be sure to come back alive, fearing what his death might do to her
979. Later, Shizune senses that Tsunade is worried about Jiraiya and tries to reassure her that he'll be fine
980.  Tsunade replies he won't be back, which is a new tactic she's trying: she's betting on the one thing she doesn't want to have happen, relying on her bad luck to prevent her bet from coming true
981. Main article: Six-Tails Unleashed In the anime, Konoha receives reports of an attack on the Tsuchigumo clan and, as a consequence, their forbidden technique is at risk
982.  Because the returning Eight Man Squad is closest to the Tsuchigumo clan's location, Tsunade sends Katsuyu to intercept them and give them their assignment to protect the Tsuchigumo
983. Main article: Pain's Assault
984. Tsunade berates Homura and Koharu for lacking faith
985. Fukasaku , a former teacher of Jiraiya, reports to Tsunade that Jiraiya died while investigating the Akatsuki leader, Pain 
986.  Tsunade summons Naruto to her office so that Fukasaku can also tell him the news, who they expect will have greater difficulty
987.  Naruto is indeed upset and blames Tsunade for his death, saying she should not have let him go
988.  Sakura tries to stop him from storming out, but Tsunade lets him go
989.  Tsunade makes investigating Pain's identity using the information Jiraiya gathered top priority: she has Shizune examine the Animal Path 's body; she has Ibiki Morino interrogate the prisoner Jiraiya captured; she has Shikamaru Nara decipher the coded message Jiraiya left behind
990.  When Shikamaru tries objecting to the assignment, Tsunade ignores him, leaves, and, once she's alone, she cries for Jiraiya
991. Knowing that Pain will be coming for him, Naruto goes to Mount Myōboku to train with Fukasaku
992.  The investigations into Pain's identity continue, but none are not completed prior to Pain's assault on Konoha
993.  Tsunade sends orders for Naruto to be recalled to Konoha, but she's stopped by the Konoha Council, who feel that Naruto is safest where he is
994.  Tsunade becomes angry with both councillors and berates them for lacking even the barest faith in Naruto's ability to save himself
995.  The councillors are affronted by how she handles them and leave, but tell her to do what she wants
996.  Tsunade heads to the roof of the Hokage Residence and summons Katsuyu, who she instructs to divide and attach to all of Konoha's villagers so that Tsunade can heal them remotely 
997. Tsunade heals Konoha's villagers via Katsuyu
998. As Katsuyu's divisions spread throughout the village, Tsunade starts to fully appreciate the extent of the damage that Pain's attack is doing
999.  When she senses, through Katsuyu, that Kakashi has died, she destroys a nearby spire out of frustration
1000.  Pain's Deva Path eventually finds her
1001.  As her Anbu-bodyguards move in to protect her, Tsunade recognises the Deva Path as an orphan that Jiraiya once trained
1002.  The Deva Path asks Tsunade where Naruto is, which she refuses to reveal
1003.  The Deva Path blames Konoha's past actions for the contemporary dire state of the world and Tsunade's refusal to cooperate with Akatsuki for the attack on the village
1004.  Tsunade is unmoved, but Pain is able to able to find out where Naruto is through other means
1005.  Before leaving, the Deva Path states it will show Konoha the pain that the rest of the world has known for too long
1006. Tsunade in her weakened state
1007. The Deva Path leaps into the air and Tsunade tries to follow
1008.  As it destroys Konoha with Shinra Tensei , Tsunade transfers all of her chakra to Katsuyu to use in keeping the villagers safe
1009.  When the dust clears, Tsunade finds the village gone
1010.  She confronts the Six Paths of Pain and vows to personally defeat them
1011.  The Asura Path attacks her, which Naruto, newly returned, destroys in order to save her
1012.  Naruto asks Tsunade to trust Pain's defeat to him and has Gamakichi take Tsunade to Sakura
1013.  Having done all that she can and with her chakra gone, Tsunade's youthful transformation fades and she falls into a coma
1014. Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Countdown
1015. Tsunade awakens from her coma
1016. After Tsunade regains consciousness many days later, she is immediately embraced by Shizune
1017.  As she eats to replenish her chakra reserves, Tsunade is told of all that's happened while she's been unconscious: Naruto's victory over Pain; Tobi of Akatsuki's declaration of a Fourth Shinobi World War ; the formation of the Allied Shinobi Forces 
1018.  Kakashi discusses these matters with her, and also thanks her for waking up in time so that he would not need to make her replacement as Hokage
1019.  Once she's done eating, she convenes a war council to discuss Konoha's strategies for the coming war and any preparations that will need to be made
1020. A few days later, Tsunade travels to Kumogakure to meet with the other heads of the Alliance and discuss topics of broader importance
1021.  Chief among these is what to do with Naruto and Killer B , whose capture Tobi started the war for
1022.  The Alliance's other leaders have already decided to send them into seclusion, which Tsunade strongly disagrees with, believing they would be invaluable on the battlefield
1023.  The Fifth Kazekage quickly disagrees, reminding her that Naruto has the tendency to be reckless for his friends, which in turn would place him too much at risk
1024.  Knowing she was overruled, Tsunade reluctantly agrees and Naruto and B are sent to the Island Turtle 
1025.  In the anime, after the meeting with the other heads of the Alliance she requested that B teach Naruto to achieve control over the Nine-Tails in the event that they would have to be deployed, which A approved
1026.  As they move on to other matters, Tsunade takes particular interest in equipping the Logistical Support and Medical Division with enough supplies
1027. Main article: Power In the anime, Tsunade sends Team 7 to investigate the massacre of the Tonika Village 
1028.  When Team 7 reports Kabuto Yakushi 's use of the Impure World Reincarnation , Tsunade sends them all available backup
1029. Main article: Paradise Life on a Boat In the anime, Tsunade sends Sakura to Benisu Island to collect medicinal herbs for the war effort
1030.  She later refuses Konohamaru Sarutobi 's request to join the Allied Shinobi Forces
1031. Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Most of the Alliance's leaders head to the battlefield when the war begins, but Tsunade and the Fourth Raikage remain at the Allied headquarters to discuss tactics, coordinate troop movements, and process new intel
1032.  On the first night of fighting, they receive reports that Naruto and B have escaped the Island Turtle
1033.  The Raikage takes Tsunade with him to head them off; she leaves behind one of Katsuyu's divisions in case she needs to be contacted about anything
1034. Tsunade places her faith in Naruto and B
1035. Once they locate Naruto and B, the Raikage blocks their progress and tries to convince them to return to the Island Turtle
1036.  Naruto implores Tsunade to let them pass, but she explains that she must do what is in the best interest of the entire Allied Shinobi Forces
1037.  Naruto's continuing obstinance prompts the Raikage to decide to kill him so that Akatsuki can't capture him
1038.  Tsunade cannot allow this and steps in, observing that Naruto's new Nine-Tails Chakra Mode indicates his unprecedented control over the Nine-Tails, something that may never be replicated in future jinchūriki of the Nine-Tails
1039.  The best course, she argues, is to let Naruto use his new power to try and win the war
1040.  The Raikage is not openly convinced by Tsunade's, B's, or Naruto's words and appears willing to fight, but when Naruto is finally able to get past him the Raikage doesn't pursue
1041. When Tsunade and the Raikage return to headquarters they are informed that the White Zetsu Army is cultivated from the DNA of Hashirama Senju 
1042.  Tsunade is upset by the continued use of her grandfather's abilities and what else Tobi may have used them for, but believes Naruto may be able to root out Zetsus that have infiltrated the Allied Forces
1043. Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax
1044. The five Kage confront Madara
1045. Naruto, using shadow clones , does indeed help defeat the Zetsu Army, finding those that are disguised, defeating those that aren't, and helping capture any remaining reincarnated forces
1046.  The apparent victory is cut short by the sudden appearance of the reincarnated Madara Uchiha , who proceeds to decimate the Fourth Division 
1047.  Wishing to join the battle, Tsunade has Mabui transfer her to the site of Madara's battle with the Fourth Division, using Creation Rebirth to heal the damage that the transfer does to her body
1048.  The Raikage joins her and they arrive in time to save the Fifth Kazekage and Third Tsuchikage from Madara's attack
1049.  Tsunade heals them and, after being joined by the Fifth Mizukage , the Five Kage face off with Madara
1050.  Confident they can defeat him, they tell one of Naruto's shadow clones to entrust Madara to them and to go defeat Tobi elsewhere
1051. Tsunade attacking Madara
1052. Tsunade initially takes a supplementary role during the battle, healing the other Kage's injuries and replenishing their chakra as needed
1053.  She is surprised when Madara is able to use her grandfather's wood release , which they eventually discover to be due to a cloned graft of Hashirama's face that has been implanted in Madara's body
1054.  Madara senses that Tsunade is descended from Hashirama and decides to kill her first because she is so much weaker than her ancestor
1055.  She acknowledges that she did not inherit all of Hashirama's natural gifts, but she does have his Will of Fire , which drove her to create the Ninja Art Creation Rebirth — Strength of a Hundred Technique 
1056.  After activating the technique, she joins the other Kage in attacking him
1057.  Madara is unimpressed, but Tsunade is nevertheless able to punch through his body, giving the Kazekage a chance to try and seal him
1058. The Kage against Madara's wood clones
1059. Madara eludes capture and uses Susanoo 's sword to stab Tsunade
1060.  Madara assumes she's dead, but Tsunade removes the sword from her body and attacks him with it, convincing him that maybe she did indeed inherit something from Hashirama
1061.  He in fact admits that all the Kage have posed him some challenge, but claims that it's because they outnumber him five-to-one; in order to make things "fair", he creates twenty-five wood clones , five for each of the Kage to fight
1062.  The wood clones each use Susanoo and fight the Kage into the night
1063.  Despite the superior forces against them, the Kage are able to combine forces against the original Madara, impressing him enough to use Susanoo's "Complete Body" form
1064.  Before he can use it to destroy the Kage, the Impure World Reincarnation is released and Madara's soul starts returning to the Pure Land 
1065. Tsunade sees Dan again
1066. Madara uses the remaining moments before his soul departs trying to finish off the Kage
1067.  Tsunade takes responsibility for blocking his attacks, expecting that her Creation Rebirth will heal the damage, but she runs out of chakra and is left at Madara's mercy
1068.  She is saved by Dan Katō 's Spirit Transformation Technique , his soul having also been released from the Impure World Reincarnation
1069.  Tsunade uses the little time that they have apologising to him for abandoning his dreams for so many years after he died, but that she now tries to keep his dreams alive in her capacity as Hokage
1070.  He thanks her for continuing his dream, but tells her that the greatest service she can do to him is to stay alive, as she herself is his dream
1071.  He kisses her forehead before vanishing and transfers all of his chakra to her
1072.  Although Tsunade is rejuvenated, Madara has used this time removing the Impure World Reincarnation's user's control over him, thus allowing him to stay
1073. Tsunade summons Katsuyu in her injured state
1074. Now free to do what he wants, Madara decides he's lost interest in the Kage and states his intentions to go after Naruto
1075.  The Kage try to stop him and thus fulfil their promise to Naruto, but Madara defeats them all and leaves them near death
1076.  Tsunade, despite being bisected in the battle, is able to summon Katsuyu
1077.  She asks Katsuyu to bring the other Kage closer to her so that she can try and save their lives
1078.  Tsunade is later found by Orochimaru, Suigetsu Hōzuki , and Karin 
1079.  Tsunade has used almost all of her chakra on the other Kage and now lacks the energy to even speak
1080.  After assuring Katsuyu that he wants to help, Orochimaru has Karin replenish Tsunade's chakra and has Suigetsu assist Katsuyu with putting Tsunade's halves back together
1081.  Tsunade reluctantly thanks Orochimaru once she's restored and notes a change in him, a change that might have saved Jiraiya had it happened sooner
1082.  Orochimaru departs, leaving Tsunade to finish healing the Kage
1083. Main article: Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki
1084. Sakura and Tsunade work together
1085. Once all the Kage are healed, the Kazekage transports them to where the Allied Forces are fighting; along the way, Katsuyu informs them of what's been happening up until now
1086.  As they near the battlefield, a reincarnated Hashirama Senju contacts all the Allied powers
1087.  After briefly saying hello to Tsunade, Hashirama reveals the purpose of the God Tree recreation now looming over them: to cast the Infinite Tsukuyomi 
1088.  Much of the infantry is thrown into disarray from fear of what will happen, but when the Kage finally arrive they rally their forces against the God Tree
1089.  Tsunade locates Sakura and teams up with her to summon a large segment of Katsuyu, which dissolves across the battlefield so that Tsunade and Sakura can constantly rejuvenate everybody as they fight
1090. Although they aren't able to cut down the God Tree, the Allies are able to help Naruto defeat Tobi, real name Obito Uchiha 
1091.  Naruto leaves to fight Madara, leaving the rest of the Allied Forces to fight another Zetsu 
1092.  Tsunade lacks the chakra necessary to participate in the fight, much less continue performing medical ninjutsu
1093.  For this reason, when the Kazekage brings Naruto to her in need of emergency life support, Tsunade sends Sakura to help him
1094. Main article: Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes
1095. Tsunade trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi
1096. Despite the Allied Forces' efforts, they are unable to stop Madara from casting the Infinite Tsukuyomi, trapping the world in a dream
1097.  Tsunade dreams of a Konoha where Dan is Hokage, where Nawaki and Jiraiya are still alive, and where Orochimaru never defected from the village
1098.  In the anime, while waiting to join Dan for a Kage Summit, she reads a novel written by Jiraiya titled Jiraiya Shinobi Handbook: The Tale of Naruto the Hero , despite her telling him she had no interest in it earlier
1099.  In the novel, Konoha went through much less upheaval; the Fourth Hokage and his wife survived the Nine-Tails' Attack on Konoha, and the Uchiha Clan Downfall never happened
1100.  Naruto and Sasuke eventually release the Infinite Tsukuyomi, freeing Tsunade and the rest of the world and thus ending the Fourth Shinobi World War
1101. Main article: Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky Kakashi is appointed the Sixth Hokage after the Fourth Shinobi World War ends
1102.  Yet a year after the war is over, he still has yet to officially accept the duties of the office
1103.  Tsunade continues to carry out all the responsibilities until he's ready, but also pressures Kakashi to make a decision
1104.  Kakashi requests that she wait until he completes his mission to guard the Tobishachimaru on its top secret maiden voyage
1105.  The Tobishachimaru ends up being hijacked by the Ryūha Armament Alliance during its voyage, and the hijackers threaten to kill the passengers if Konoha doesn't release their leader, Garyō , from the Blood Prison in Kusagakure ; they also stipulate that Naruto not be involved
1106.  After being informed that Kakashi is aboard the Tobishachimaru, Tsunade summons Konoha's available personnel, with the exception of Naruto
1107. While trying to plan what to do, Tsunade is contacted by the Third Tsuchikage , who informs her that the "secret" Tobishachimaru is visible from several countries, including his own Iwagakure 
1108.  Although she assures him it is bound for Kusa, he warns her that he will need to destroy it if it threatens his village, which would complicate the relationship between Konoha and Iwa
1109.  Tsunade shares this threat with one of the hijackers, Rahyō , but it does not deter him
1110.  Having few options left, Tsunade decides that the ship must be destroyed before Iwa is forced to intervene
1111.  She has Ino Yamanaka tell Kakashi to do what he can but also warn him of her decision
1112.  She leads the assembled available Konoha ninja to the Blood Prison to be on hand in case the worst should happen
1113. Kakashi ultimately crashes the Tobishachimaru just outside the Blood Prison, thus averting an incident with Iwa
1114.  However, several passengers died during the hijacking and the entire incident has been an embarrassment to Konoha
1115.  Tsunade is outraged by these developments and orders Kahyō , the highest-ranking hijacker to survive, taken into custody
1116.  Kakashi intervenes, asking that he be allowed to pass sentence on Kahyō instead
1117.  Tsunade allows it on the condition that Kakashi make it his first act as Sixth Hokage, which he agrees to
1118. After the war, Tsunade studies the material that the White Zetsu are made of, and from her research is able to create prosthetic arms for Naruto and Sasuke, though Sasuke declines his
1119. Main article: The Last: Naruto the Movie Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, Tsunade oversees the evacuation of the Land of Fire 's citizens to a fallout shelter to escape the crashing Moon 
1120.  Naruto ultimately prevents the disaster, the announcement of which Tsunade happily listens to
1121. Main article: Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze Tsunade meets Sakura for drinks, partly to congratulate her for her recent work with the Konoha Hospital , but also to try to convince Sakura to take it easy, as she's been working harder than she needs to
1122.  Sakura changes the subject by asking how to gain men's attention
1123.  When Tsunade can't offer her any specific advice, Sakura asks that Tsunade bet against her love life, hoping for Tsunade's bad luck to play in her favour
1124. Sakura later meets with Tsunade for drinks again, where she shares rumours that someone with Sasuke Uchiha 's appearance and chakra signature is conspiring against Konoha
1125.  The appearance is easily faked, but the chakra signature has Sakura stumped; she asks Tsunade if it would be possible to reproduce someone's chakra signature by gathering large amounts of skin and hair that naturally fall off
1126.  Tsunade deems the idea plausible
1127.  Sakura is reassured and Tsunade tells her she's happy to help, but she reminds Sakura that she's retired and that she should try to figure things out for herself
1128. Main article: Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding Tsunade attends Naruto's marriage to Hinata Hyūga 
1129.  Yamato runs around prior to the ceremony making final preparations, which Tsunade occasionally offers advice on
1130. The previous Kage reunite
1131. In later years, Tsunade continued to stay close to Naruto, watching his growth as both a family man and the Seventh Hokage
1132.  She also came to know Naruto's children, especially terrifying Boruto with her temper while scolding him
1133.   Twelve years after Naruto's wedding, while a Five Kage Summit was being held in Konoha, Tsunade and the other retired Kage visit the Third Tsuchikage to, as Tsunade puts it, get drunk and complain about things
1134. Main article: Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc
1135. Tsunade angry with Naruto for hiding Mitsuki's lineage
1136. In the anime, when two chūnin gate guards were attacked by unknown assailants, the village was put on lockdown
1137.  Tsunade soon after returned from her trip to meet with Naruto about the events
1138.  She then joined him when Ino probed a guard's mind for answers, learning that Mitsuki had left willingly with the attackers
1139.  When Tsunade asked who this boy is, Naruto revealed that Mitsuki was in fact Orochimaru's son
1140.  Tsunade was furious that Naruto would permit an offspring of the man who killed the Third Hokage live in Konohagakure, let alone keep it a secret from her
1141.  Naruto rationalised this on the grounds that Orochimaru's conduct had changed from before and that his aid in investigating the Ōtsutsuki was invaluable
1142.  Despite this, noting the unpredictable nature of Orochimaru, the meeting ended with deeming the Oto-born boy as a threat
1143.  As the council and Hokage continued to talk about how best to deal with this, Tsunade concluded that it was a waste of time to discuss the merits of Naruto's decision to allow Mitsuki into the village, and they should focus instead on how to deal with the current situation
1144. As Tsunade continued to keep word about Mitsuki quiet and the council from taking drastic actions, questions continued to build up on Mitsuki as Naruto and Shikamaru still felt the situation didn't make sense for Mitsuki to betray them
1145.  They began wondering if the enemy's goal was Mitsuki himself because of his unique background
1146.  They received word that one of the guards was recovering and would soon awake to give them answers
1147.  When Shikadai contacted his father via phone, he revealed that Iwagakure was taken over as part of a plan by Ōnoki
1148.  Knowing that they couldn't act hastily, Kakashi and Tsunade were sent to meet with the other great villages to get their support on engaging this personal matter
1149. Main article: Time Slip Arc In the anime, when a grown-up Sasuke and Naruto's future son Boruto were sent back in time to shortly after Sasuke's defection, the two bumped into Jiraiya and Naruto
1150.  After Jiraiya framed the two for his discovered peeping, but Tsunade arrived and resolved the situation
1151. Tsunade talks with a time-traveling Boruto and Sasuke
1152. Tsunade asked about Boruto and Sasuke's arrival, and Sasuke claimed they were travelling performers who utilised ninjutsu during their performances
1153.  Still somewhat suspicious, Tsunade ordered Naruto and Jiraiya to guard Boruto and Sasuke, proclaiming that a recently defected genin , as well as Konoha still recovering from an assault during the Chūnin Exams , they needed to remain on their guard at all times, and couldn't afford to let strangers walk into their village
1154.  Later, Tsunade assigned all the Konoha genin to clean up the bathhouse to make up for the commotion Naruto and Jiraiya caused there
1155. Days later, after Sasuke and Boruto completed their mission to defeat Urashiki Ōtsutsuki , Sasuke used his Sharingan to erase Tsunade's memories of the events to protect the timeline
1156. Main article: Kara Actuation Arc In the anime, after the defeat of Victor and the fall of his company, they learned that the elder was in league with Kara 
1157.  They were horrified to learn of Victor's attempt to recreate the God Tree
1158.  Tsunade asked if it was possible Victor was the head of Kara, which was noted to be unlikely
1159.  Following an investigation of the company, they realised Kara had spies through the world
1160.  In light of this news the question of whether or not to close the gates to the village came up
1161. Main article: Ao Arc In the anime, Tsunade attended the memorial service for the fallen people of the Fourth Shinobi World War
1162.  There, she gave a speech to honour those people and voice her condolences to the victims' families
1163. Main article: Kawaki Arc In the anime, Tsunade aided Shikamaru's coordination efforts in preparation for Isshiki 's invasion
1164. Main article: Naruto Shippūden the Movie The demon Mōryō raises an army of stone warriors in an attempt to take over the world
1165.  Tsunade sends most of Konoha's forces to fight these warriors
1166.  She also sends a team consisting of Naruto, Sakura, Neji Hyūga , and Rock Lee to guard Shion , a priestess who can stop Mōryō
1167. Main article: Naruto Shippūden the Movie: The Will of Fire Hiruko , a former friend of the Sannin , declares the start of the Fourth Shinobi World War
1168.  Due to how he makes his announcement, the other villages come to believe that Konoha is aiding Hiruko's schemes and so start amassing against Konoha
1169.  While Tsunade tries to defuse the situation, Kakashi confides in her that he met Hiruko many years ago and was branded with a mind-controlling technique that will force him to go to Hiruko
1170.  Knowing that this will happen soon and that Hiruko will at some point try to take his Sharingan , Kakashi asks Tsunade to place a seal on him that will activate his Mangekyō Sharingan when Hiruko tries to do so, thus killing him and preventing war
1171.  Tsunade complies and, once Kakashi is gone, she declares him a missing-nin to keep his plans a secret
1172.  She forbids anyone from going after him, but Naruto ends up ignoring her
1173. Main article: Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison When Naruto is accused of trying to assassinate the Fourth Raikage , Tsunade orders he be imprisoned in the Blood Prison despite his claims of innocence
1174.  Tsunade is fully aware that Naruto did nothing wrong, but needs to follow through in order to draw out a conspiracy rooted in the Blood Prison
1175.  Once the conspiracy is exposed, Tsunade leads Konoha's forces in rescuing Naruto from his wrongful imprisonment
1176. Main article: Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie The Tsunade of the Genjutsu World wears glasses, is flat-chested, and is fairly responsible
1177.  Whereas the real Tsunade looks younger than her age, this Tsunade looks older than her age
1178. Tsunade is a playable character in the following video games:
1179. Sannin