1. She's Completed A Ton Of Official Missions
2. She Graduated Ninja Academy Young
3. She Revolutionized The Medical-Nin System
4. She Was Mentioned 55 Chapters Before Her Debut
5. She May Pass Away Early
6. She's The Only Hokage To Witness The Next Two Generations
7. Tsunade Senju is one of the most incredible ninja in Konoha history
8.  She's the Fifth Hokage, one of the Legendary Sannin, and the person who created the Medical Ninja system that has saved countless lives
9.  But no matter how important she might be, fans still may not be aware of all the trivia and little details that surround her
10. Here's a preview of a few things you probably didn't know about Tsunade
11.  She's the only Kage to witness the next two shinobi to take her place - everyone else only got to see one, if that
12.  Also, she got her most well-known vice, gambling, from her grandfather Hashirama, who taught her how to place bets when she was just a little girl
13.  Speaking of Tsunade being a little girl, did you know that she graduated from Ninja Academy when she was six?
14. Vote up the Tsunade fun facts that interested you the most
15. Over the course of her time as a Konoha ninja, Tsunade has completed 1,256 official missions, including 40 D-rank, 236 C-rank, 467 B-rank, 418 A-rank, and 95 S-rank missions
16. Tsunade graduated from Ninja Academy when she was only six years old
17.  Though she was probably considered for early graduation in the first place because of her Senju heritage, it's only her actual skill that allowed her to clear the requirements at an age where some kids don't even know how to tie their own shoes
18. In the modern-day Naruto-verse, medical ninja always accompany other shinobi on high ranking missions
19.  This wasn't always the case, and it resulted in mass casualties
20.  Tsunade is the person responsible for ensuring that medical ninja would always be present during major battles, creating a system for dispatching them and a set of rules to govern their conduct
21. She would pass along the spirit of invention to both Sakura and Ino
22.  The two of them would grow up to establish Konoha's first children's mental health clinic, and would also help establish a similar program in Sunagakure
23. We don't know exactly when Kishimoto decided to include Tsunade, but we do know that she was first mentioned 55 chapters prior to her debut in  Chapter #139
24.  The first time she's mentioned is when Tenten brings her up in Chapter #84
25. One of Tsuande's most powerful jutsu is Creation Rebirth, which allows her to force her cells to rapidly divide, instantly healing her injuries
26.  But cells can only divide a certain number of times before they hit their limit 
27.  Once a person's cells can no longer divide, their life comes to an end
28.  By speeding up her cell's division, she is shortening her lifespan
29. This explains why, when not using her youthful transformation technique, she appears to be elderly as opposed to middle aged
30.  It's not clear when Tsunade's time will run out, but it's probably for the best that she retired and won't need to use Creation Rebirth regularly anymore
31. Tsunade is the only Hokage to get to see who would replace her replacement
32.  Hashirama, Tobirama, Hiruzen, and Minato all passed away on the job, and neither Kakashi nor Naruto have had the chance to see multiple subsequent generations
33.  But Tsunade has seen both Kakashi and Naruto succeed her
34. Not a Weak Woman
35. Growth
36. Before I Let You Touch Him
37. Pay the Price
38. It's Your Turn to Believe
39. Place the Odds on You
40. "Although I am a descendant of the First Hokage, it's true that I don't know how to use Wood Release. And compared to him, who was able to use medical ninjutsu without even making seals, it's true that my own ninjutsu is nothing to brag about. And it's true that I'm a woman… but I'm definitely not a weak woman… What I inherited from my grandfather isn't just simple 'power'. My true strength comes from that which was passed down from the First to each generation afterward… Don't underestimate the Will of Fire!"
41. "People become stronger because they have things they cannot forget. That's what you call growth."
42. *To Orochimaru* "I will die before I let you touch him!"
43. "I am the Fifth Hokage... You've trampled on our ancestors treasure...their dream...and you will pay the price! As the Hokage, I will put a stop to you here and now!"
44. "People like Jiraiya...and Sarutobi, and Elder Chiyo of the Sand possessed something you two sorely lack. Do you know what that is!? ...Faith! My grandfather, the First Hokage, believed in you and entrusted you with the village. Now it's your turn to believe in these children and entrust it to them!"
45. "It's because to be Hokage… is your dream… isn't it Naruto? One last time… just one last time… I place the odds on you."
46. The Ace : Tsunade is the most well regarded and famous Medic Nin and has been dubbed, "The World's Most Beautiful and Strongest Woman". Amai, medic ninja of the Hidden Cloud : Karai, we brought the best medical ninja in the world! You're going to be alright!
47. Action Girl : She's one of the most skilled ninjas in the series and while she doesn't have a huge win streak due to her focus on being The Medic she's still a capable fighter.
48. A-Cup Angst : During her teenage years. Jiraiya said she had a chest like a cutting board. She didn't take it well.
49. Adapted Out : Of the first live theater adaptation, though she does appear in the second.
50. Affectionate Nickname : Naruto calls her Grandma Tsunade. It becomes funny as we find out that they are both related through the Uzumaki clan. She is Naruto's cousin of some variety. Her grandfather Hashirama calls her "Tsuna".
51. Naruto calls her Grandma Tsunade. It becomes funny as we find out that they are both related through the Uzumaki clan. She is Naruto's cousin of some variety.
52. Her grandfather Hashirama calls her "Tsuna".
53. Afraid of Blood : Initially. Naruto helps her get over it. It was because her boyfriend was killed, and she couldn't heal him.
54. All Amazons Want Hercules : After being trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi, Tsunade envisions an idealised reality where Dan is still alive. Conspicuously, he's Hokage instead of Tsunade.
55. Animal Motifs : Slugs, owing to her ability to summon Katsuyu (though that's where the motif ends).
56. Badass Bookworm : She's the physically strongest of the Three and no slouch in the brains department either (though not as smart as Orochimaru).
57. Badass Pacifist : Tsunade definitely has the power and combat skills to be Hokage but it is in her philosophy as a medical ninja that she not enter combat unless absolutely necessary lest someone tries to Shoot the Medic First . There's one exception to her rule: the medic can enter battle at will if she or he has mastered her Healing Factor technique (something only she and Sakura have succeeded at, so far).
58. Badass Teacher : She trained Shizune and Sakura Haruno, among others, in the art of medical ninjutsu.
59. Bare-Fisted Monk : Her punches are enough to kill anything that isn't an Edo Tensei immortal zombie, but even Madara was worried about being hit by that.
60. Be Careful What You Wish For : When Jiraiya goes off to face Pain in Amegakure, she bets against him, thinking he will die, in hopes that her bad luck will ensure that he'll live. Unfortunately, this is one of the few occasions where her bet won out.
61. Beauty Is Never Tarnished : Zigzagged. In terms of combat, she takes a good amount of damage during her fights and has the battle damage to show it. But in terms of her general appearance, she is always seen in her young age despite being in her 50s even 10 years into the future. Moreover, whenever she grows old due to lack of chakra, her face is always obscured until she is healed at which point she innately returns to her youthful self once more.
62. Big Damn Heroes : Arrives with the other Kages and proceeds to kick Madara's ass.
63. The Big Gal : ...Kind of. She's a mixture of the third and the fifth, but she fits this role effectively well with her fighting style. She only has to hit you once to kill and she's nearly immortal.
64. Big Good : After Hiruzen's death in the third arc, Tsunade takes up his position as Hokage. Although her reign is short (only four years), she is Konoha's leader for the majority of the series. She relinquishes her position in the second-to-last chapter, around fifteen arcs later.
65. Birds of a Feather : In Chapter 160, she recognizes her similarities to her lover Dan when he agrees with her desire to have at least one medical ninja in every unit so that there's a better chance of surviving a mission or even a war. Also, both have a deceased younger sibling whom they loved dearly—for her, it was her brother Nawaki; for him, it was his unnamed sister.
66. Brilliant, but Lazy : She'd rather laze about, but is forced to take action to maintain the village's safety. Must be why she's perpetually angry all the time.
67. Broken Ace : Lost her only sibling to war. She was unable to save her fiancé's life despite her prowess, and developed a fear of blood ever since. She then spent years away from her home (along with Shizune and Tonton), gambling and drinking. Only learned of her master's passing straight from the mouth of her fellow student-turned-traitor who did the deed. Reconciled with her other fellow student, only to later have him die on her watch unable to do anything to help him.
68. Broken Bird : Lost the love of her life and her brother to battle. Orochimaru attempts to use this to his advantage when attempting to have her heal his arms by promising to resurrect them. She gets better upon reconciling with her old friend Jiraiya and meeting Naruto, but nearly spins off it again when Jiraiya dies.
69. Bunny-Ears Lawyer : Tsunade likes to drink and gamble, hates paperwork to a degree most people would reserve for their worst enemy, and is a bit of a Vain Sorceress but also a competent leader as well as a kickass medic and fighter
70. Buxom Beauty Standard : She's regarded as the most beautiful Kunoichi. Who knows why?
71. Boring, but Practical : Tsunade's Super-Strength and medical ninjutsu give her the most raw physical power and regenerative ability in the series, but, conversely, significantly less flash than the techniques of other high-ranking ninja.
72. Born Unlucky : To put it bluntly, her luck is absolute crap, to the point that she became known as "The Legendary Sucker" for basically never winning at gambling. Then there's the fact that so many people close to her have died...
73. Can't Hold Her Liquor : She gets drunk easily.
74. Cartwright Curse : She sure seems to have bad luck with the men she likes...
75. Cast from Lifespan : Her Mitotic Regeneration technique uses the chakra stored in her forehead to heal all her wounds, but it shortens her life. The exact effect this has on her is not greatly explored. She's still alive in the series epilogue (when she'd be in her 70s) and there's no indication at all that she's in poor health. Seeing as her grandmother was from the Uzumaki clan (who have long lifespans) the difference probably averages out. However, immediately after the War she had to retire from the position of Hokage; whether this was because she got tired of wars or because she no longer had the stamina necessary to protect the Hidden Leaf is not explained.
76. Close-Range Combatant : Be it with taijutsu or medical techniques . She apparently knows multiple elemental ninjutsu, but that's an Informed Ability .
77. The Coats Are Off : She always wears a green coat with the kanji for "Gamble" written in the back. Well, almost always. After she decides she's going to pulverize Orochimaru and Kabuto, she takes off her coat and drops it on the ground. She discards it again note Shizune had covered her with it during her phobia-induced BSOD when she rushes to heal the critically wounded Naruto. During the battle of the Five Kage against Madara, her coat gets shredded/discarded off-screen.
78. Combat Medic : The best in the world, her ability as a very experienced medical ninja while also being able to put up an excellent fight which makes her rather valuable as an ally.
79. Combat Stilettos : Sports heels even when kicking ass.
80. Convenient Coma : Goes into one after the Pain invasion arc and is out of it within weeks.
81. Cool Big Sis : Was a caring big sister to her brother when he was alive.
82. Curb-Stomp Battle : She literally defeats Naruto using only one finger.
83. Curtains Match the Window : Fiery blonde hair and eyes.
84. Cynicism Catalyst : Not her little brother, but her fiancée. Dan's death turns her into a cynic for whom " Only fools want to be Hokages ". Luckily, Naruto manages to undo it. Tsunade: One of the Legendary Three Great Shinobi taking on a snot-nosed genin… I oughta be ashamed of myself.
85. Dangerous Forbidden Technique : Tsunade's regeneration jutsu shortens her lifespan as well.
86. Deadly Doctor : Uses less combative medical techniques than Kabuto but is fully capable of causing harm with her medical abilities.
87. Deadpan Snarker : Quite the one with the quips.
88. Determinator : She's been torn in half and dying? That's not important enough to stop her from summoning Katsuyu and using her remaining strength to save the other Kage from dying before giving any attention to her own state.
89. Dude Magnet : Heavily implied given her being called the "world's most beautiful woman".
90. Doom Magnet : Many of the people closest to her have died, between her fiancé, her little brother, her mentor, and her closest friend, Jiraiya . As such, she is initially reluctant to get close to anyone except Shizune, especially when Naruto's goal painfully reminds her of Dan and Nawaki's own dreams.
91. Embarrassing Nickname : According to Jiraiya, she's widely known as the Legendary Sucker thanks to her awfully bad luck at gambling.
92. Failure Knight : A considerable one much to her shame. Couldn't save her brother from dying in battle. Couldn't save Dan, despite her skills and best efforts. Couldn't save her mentor because she was busy away from the village gambling and drinking from having reached her Despair Event Horizon . Couldn't save Jiraiya from being killed by Pain after sending him on the mission. Couldn't save her village from being destroyed by Pain in retaliation. The list just goes on with her.
93. Finger Poke of Doom : Bets she can beat Naruto with one finger and she does.
94. The Gambling Addict : Her quirk. It's apparently her grandfather Hashirama's fault.
95. Generation Xerox : She did train Sakura to become a Hot-Blooded Combat Medic after all.
96. Genre Savvy : She shows shades in this in thinking that the Shonen Protagonist couldn't possibly lose and has faith that he'll be able to not be killed or captured in any circumstance. She also states that the younger generation will eventually become stronger than theirs. Naturally, the other characters are convinced she's nuts and reckless .
97. Good Thing You Can Heal : Tsunade is able to regenerate any wound she receives after releasing her Yin Seal causing her reputation as ageless and immortal in battle.
98. Half the Man He Used to Be : Courtesy of Madara. She's gotten better with a bit of help from Katsuyu and Karin.
99. Hair of Gold, Heart of Gold : While she's extremely stern and irritable at times, she cares deeply about the safety of her village and those closest to her and is willing to die for them.
100. Hair-Trigger Temper : Do whatever it takes to not get on her bad side.
101. Healing Factor : When the seal on her forehead is released, she can instantly recover from any lethal wound.
102. Her Heart Will Go On : She loved Dan, even after he died. Even Jiraiya was unable to win her affections before his death, which is confirmed when she reunites with the reincarnated Dan and they reaffirm their love for each other. Despite that, she still soldiers on, protecting Konoha like they wanted to and trying to promote peace. Her decision to become Hokage is, in a way, fulfilling the dream both Dan and Nawaki had in their stead.
103. Heroic Fatigue : She exerts so much chakra to help the villagers during Nagato's invasion that she slips into a coma, only waking up after the Fourth Ninja World War is declared.
104. Heroic Resolve : She so desperately wants to save the people of the Leaf Village after the attack that she ends up overexerting herself into a coma.
105. Heroic Second Wind : Tsunade's Yin Seal on her forehead functions as one of these, it has a constant storage of chakra built up in it which she can release to fuel her Healing Factor . This earned her reputation as immortal in battle.
106. Hospital Hottie : She is widely considered the greatest medical ninja in the world and the most beautiful female ninja. Helps to be the bustiest woman in series.
107. Impaled with Extreme Prejudice : She was delivering a Kirk Summation and tons of asskicking to the revived Madara Uchiha, (who was continuously berating her for never getting near the level of her grandfather Hashirama ) until he got annoyed enough to drive a Susanoo Blade through her. And she still survived it , snapped the blade in half and threw it at him .
108. Hypocrite : At least a little bit, when she tells Shikamaru to simply learn to live with Asuma's death, when she dropped off the radar for years, after Dan died, and spent the time drinking and gambling.
109. Implacable Woman : Thanks to her seal, she will always get back up.
110. Informed Flaw : Her Mitotic Regeneration technique supposedly shortens her lifespan. However, she's still alive in the series epilogue, when she'd be around 70 and there's no indication that she's in poor health. Then again, her grandmother was an Uzumaki (who are known for having strong life forces).
111. Interface Screw : Her Important Body Points Disturbance inflicts this on opponents, using chakra to scramble the electrical signals the brain uses to control the limbs.
112. Ironic Echo : When Jiraiya seeks her out and tries to get her to take the Hokage position, she badmouths it, calling it a "fool's goal". Later in her fight against Orochimaru, he says the same thing much to Tsunade's horror. This is one of the main factors that gets her to take the position.
113. Irony : She has a massive losing streak when she gambles, but when she does win, it means something bad is about to happen. The first two people she gave her necklace to dreamed of becoming Hokage, only to die tragically not long after. In hindsight, the necklace kept going back to her because she was the one meant to become Hokage, not them.
114. She has a massive losing streak when she gambles, but when she does win, it means something bad is about to happen.
115. The first two people she gave her necklace to dreamed of becoming Hokage, only to die tragically not long after. In hindsight, the necklace kept going back to her because she was the one meant to become Hokage, not them.
116. Jerk with a Heart of Gold : Brash, rude, and loud. With a kind and soft heart.
117. Kevlard : A variant. When Kabuto's strike to her chest failed to reach her heart, he wondered if this trope is in play thanks to the amount of adipose tissue.
118. Lady Drunk : Previous to accepting the position of Hokage, she was constantly in varying states of intoxication. And occasionally afterwards.
119. Last of His Kind : After her brother died, she is the last surviving remnant of the Senju clan (if one doesn't count their offshoot, the Uzumaki clan), although she no longer carries their name (which might indicate that Hashirama was her maternal grandfather).
120. Long-Lived : A subversion. Tsunade's Uzumaki bloodline naturally gifts her with a long life. However, her repeated usage of the regeneration technique has considerably shortened her lifespan and it's highly implied that she will live an average man's life, if not shorter, since her real appearance looks twenty years older than her current age.
121. Lust Object : When they were younger, Jiraiya totally lusted after her. Impressing her and gaining her affection was his initial motivation as a ninja.
122. Mama Bear : She becomes this for the village after she becomes the Fifth Hokage, as parental devotion is expected of a Hokage.
123. Marked Change : When she uses her Strength of a Hundred technique, black lines trace her face and the rest of her body. .
124. Master Poisoner : Jiraiya touts her as the only person in the world who can spike a ninja's drink without their knowledge.
125. Mighty Glacier : Can literally pulverize any opponent if she manages to touch him/her. Unfortunately, she's not focused on speed attacks, but on avoiding the blows of her enemies, demonstrating the limitations of this character type. When in her Super Mode however, she can simply tank a hit from an enemy to get within melee range and not bother with dodging.
126. A Mother to Her Men : Eventually develops a maternal relationship with Konoha, especially to Naruto and Sakura; the former reminds her of her younger brother and being a distant relative via the Uzumaki clan and the later becomes her apprentice (out of two).
127. The Mourning After : Tsunade never completely moves on from Dan Kato and has not made any attempt at another relationship by the end of the series.
128. Ms. Fanservice : Serves this for this series. She is very well endowed and beautiful.
129. Nervous Tics : She tends to bite her thumb when either thinking about something serious or stressed.
130. Never Mess with Granny : She may be over fifty years old, but don't underestimate her. Orochimaru learned this the hard way. Tsunade: Why am I putting my life on the line? Because now... I am the Fifth Hokage of Konohagakure!
131. Nice Job Breaking It, Hero : Averted. Naruto accuses her of this, saying that she should have never sent Jiraiya on the mission to track down Pain, which she can't verbally disagree with- however, not only was Jiraiya capable of escaping Pain had he not wanted to confirm something he was almost certain about, this would lead to learning valuable information to deal with Pain's invasion.
132. Normally, I Would Be Dead Now : After Madara gets bored fighting the Kages and buggers off, it's revealed that Tsunade has been bisected by a giant tree branch. She maintains consciousness long enough to summon Katsuyu, who in turn keeps her alive long enough for Team Taka to arrive and finish healing her.
133. An Offer You Can't Refuse : Orochimaru offers to resurrect both her dead younger brother and her boyfriend if she'll heal his arms, which were rendered useless due to the Third Hokage's final attack sealing them. She seemed like she would take him up on the offer. But knowing that he's a liar, and through Naruto remembering the promises and dreams of her two departed loved ones of becoming Hokage and protecting the people they care about, she instead uses the opportunity to try to kill Orochimaru. Ironically, Orochimaru notes he did intend to keep his word, but recognizes Tsunade won't agree regardless.
134. Older Than They Look : Both played straight and inverted . She uses a advanced form of the Transformation jutsu to retain the body she had in her 20's or 30's at all times, keeping it even when she is asleep or unconscious. The transformaiton only comes undone when she is very low on chakra, which reveals that her natural body looks much older than she is (like she was in her 70's or 80's — probably because of her use of Creation Rebirth which shortens her lifespan whenever she uses it). She is actually in her 50s. Her look in the Distant Finale is one of the most youthful she sports for all the series, while she's probably over 60 by then.
135. Only One Name : She's Hashirama's granddaughter, but she didn't take his last name or anyone else's. It's not explained why that's the case, but she's only ever called "Tsunade".
136. Pen-Pushing President : One of the least pleasant aspects of her job as Hokage is paperwork. The morning Sasuke disappears, she is actually caught sleeping on her parchments.
137. Professional Gambler : She actually has very bad luck.
138. Promotion to Parent : Took care (if one can really say that) of Shizune, her fiance's orphaned niece, after his death. Although it would be more accurate to say it's Shizune who tried her best to take care of the broken, alcoholic and compulsively gambling Tsunade...
139. Power Tattoo : The Yin Seal on her forehead gives a large boost of chakra when released.
140. Proud Beauty : She's quite prideful of her looks, claims her busty figure was a blessing from the heavens, and is quick to resort to any criticism of her appearance with violence. That she perfected the Transformation jutsu to enable her to have the body she had in her prime at all times is also an implication of this.
141. Pyrrhic Victory : The only times she ever wins at gambling is before something terrible happens. Therefore, whenever she actually wins she's too busy waiting for the other shoe to drop to enjoy the victory.
142. Reasonable Authority Figure : Despite her bad temper, Tsunade is one of the most reasonable and sensible Kage in Konoha's history, if not Naruto's world as a whole. She's not only willing to form treaties when Konoha is recovering from a terrorist attack, she manages and instructs the Shinobi under her care to a particularly good degree. She's also willing to put her faith in other people, even if she's unsure about the outcome.
143. Red Baron : The Legendary Sucker, in reference to her horrible luck, and the Slug Princess, likely in reference to her summoning contract with Katsuyu.
144. Retired Badass : She had retired for many years and was out of practice when she went back into combat (see Worf Had the Flu ). After the re-sealing of Kaguya, she retires again, this time from being Hokage entirely, giving the job to Kakashi .
145. Running Gag : Destroying her desk in a fit of rage.
146. Ship Tease : With Jiraiya. However, it never went anywhere, as she remained in love with Dan even after his death. There's a bit of insinuation later in the series that she's slowly warming up to Jiraiya being her Second Love , but this is immediately cut off by him perishing in battle against Pain not long after.
147. Single Woman Seeks Good Man : Tsunade fell in love with Dan because of his desire to become Hokage in order to protect the villagers. She continues to love him and reaffirms it when she meets with his spirit, explaining how she wants to live his dreams. Dan assures her that she is his real dream.
148. Sins of the Father : She is a believer of this concerning Orochimaru and his "son" Mitsuki, as she believes the latter has the potential to be just as dangerous as his "parent" .
149. The Smart Girl : Though it's not commonly exploited like Shikamaru or his father, she does have a great deal of intelligence, as might be expected from the world's foremost medical expert.
150. The Smurfette Principle : She's the only woman in the Sannin. She's also the first and only woman to become Hokage.
151. Star-Crossed Lovers : Her marriage with Dan never came to fruition, but when she meets with his spirit they reaffirm their love for each other. Dan tells her he will continue to wait for her in the afterlife, that she is his true dream, but wants her to live out her life, telling her not to join him "too quickly."
152. Stern Teacher : She literally did not pull her punches when training Sakura. As she explained, a medic ninja's most important ability is not their ability to heal but their ability to dodge . So she used enough power to shatter stone during their sparing matches. By the end of the time-skip, Sakura was able to fight a member of Akatsuki who used tricky puppets and poison blades, and also heal any number of injuries. It's further emphasized in the Boruto series, where Sakura brings up how it wasn't unusual for her to get broken bones when being trained by Tsunade.
153. Super Mode : When she fully accesses the power of the seal on her forehead she enters one of these, markings from the seal extending over her whole body, granting her even more superhuman strength than usual as well as healing her so quickly and completely (and automatically) that she can keep fighting no matter how serious a wound she takes so long as she has chakra left (notably she has multiple Susanoo swords stuck in her during part of her fight with Madara and yet keeps going like it's not effecting her). It has been variously translated Ninja Art: Mitotic Regeneration: One Hundred Healings, Mitotic Regeneration: The Hundred Healings and Ninja Art Creation Rebirth — Strength of a Hundred Technique. Like most techniques the mode has a definite chakra limit, and unless she is given extra chakra after it runs out she will become largely helpless for some time once that limit is reached.
154. Super-Strength : In addition to possessing generic Super-Strength , she can further increase the power of her punches thanks to impossibly precise chakra control. She's even stronger than A the Raikage and can shatter Madara's Susano'o with a single punch (if after activating her Super Mode ).
155. "Take That!" Kiss : A variation of this happens during her second " fight " with Naruto. After he questions if she is really qualified to be Hokage, she once again easily defeats him using only a single finger again. But, right when Naruto expects her to flick his forehead again like last time and closes his eyes waiting for it, she instead pulls away and instead kisses his forehead, to reward his efforts and symbolize her faith in him.
156. Team Mom : After she becomes the Fifth Hokage, she become the mother-figure the village as a whole looks to. She is responsible for nurturing several of the village's ninja, such as Naruto and Sakura.
157. Took a Level in Idealism : The deaths of Nawaki and Dan made her give up on the belief that dreams come true and believe that being the Hokage is a "fool's job". Meeting Naruto forces her to question her cynicism, leading to her not only becoming the Fifth Hokage, but also helping the dreams of others come true (i.e., when Rock Lee tells her he dreams of being a ninja despite knowing he may die trying, she does not argue his decision and, in the anime, does all that she can to ensure he survives).
158. Tragic Keepsake : Her pendant used to belong to her brother before he was killed on a mission. Shizune noted that she never ever pawned it, no matter how in debt she was.
159. Tsundere : As a grown up, more furious and broken version of Sakura, she is definitely tsun-tsun around half the time, yet the kindness is there and seen in the other half.
160. Vain Sorceress : She's very vain, using ninjutsu to appear young even though she is as old as Jiraya. However, she is also benevolent if short-tempered.
161. Vitriolic Best Buds : She's constantly angry with Jiraiya's perversion, yet it's clearly seen that they care for each other. When he's killed by Pain, she's shaken to the core.
162. Weak, but Skilled : For a given measure of weak, Tsunade would be one of the weakest Hokage, just above Kakashi and Minato in terms of offensive capabilities, but her medical jutsus and strength are absolutely nothing to scoff at, as even Madara is surprised at her power, it actually makes her near indispensible in a fight.
163. Worf Had the Flu : When she's introduced she's been retired for many years and is out of practice due to spending her years drinking and gambling, as Kabuto and Orochimaru observe. Additionally, she never uses her Strength of a Hundred technique at the time, which gives her the power to surprise Madara who was just playing around when he otherwise curbstomped the other four Kages.
164. World's Most Beautiful Woman : Shikamaru's father refers to her as "the strongest and most beautiful of all kunoichi."
165. World's Strongest Woman : Shikamaru's father refers to her as "the strongest and most beautiful of all kunoichi." Even after she retires, no one else has been called this In-Universe nor by Kishimoto.
166. Younger Than They Look : Without the jutsu to make her look younger, Tsunade looks about twenty years older than she is, thanks to her repeated usage of Mitotic Regeneration.
167. Tsunade is a veteran Hard-Drinking Party Girl and gambler, although her lack of luck at the latter, which earned her the nickname "The Legendary Sucker", is almost as famous as her fighting skill and miraculous healing abilities
168.  Tsunade, whose grandfather was the First Hokage (therefore, the elders refer to her as "Tsunade-hime" aka "Princess Tsunade"), became jaded and disillusioned regarding the village when both her younger brother Nawaki and her fiancé Dan were killed during the wars which crisscrossed the Naruto world prior to the series
169.  She turned her back on the village and sought her own amusements, with her fiancee's niece Shizune and her pet pig Tonton as her only companions
170.  She first appears in the Search for Tsunade arc, when Jiraiya and Naruto are seeking her to offer her the position of the Fifth Hokage
171.  She initially refuses, and bets Naruto her treasured necklace that he won't be able to master the Rasengan in three days
172.  Orochimaru also seeks her out during this time, wanting her to heal the crippling injuries he sustained during his fight with the Third Hokage and offering to revive her brother and fiancee in exchange
173.  After seeing Naruto successfully perform the Rasengan for the first time, a three-way battle ensues in which Jiraiya and Tsunade team up to defeat Orochimaru
174.  Tsunade then returns to Konoha and accepts the position of the Fifth Hokage
175.  Tsunade has Super-Strength and the ability to concentrate chakra in her limbs, further increasing the power of her strikes
176.  She is widely considered the greatest medical ninja in the world, and can hit vital points with precision or completely heal herself in midfight
177.  She also uses a transformation jutsu to keep her appearance eternally young, although that's more for the sake of her vanity than any strategic purpose
178.  It's still notable as a very advanced form of transformation, as she maintains it regardless of whether she is asleep or even knocked unconscious (something that undoes most transformations), it only coming undone if she is extremely low on chakra
179.  In Shippuden, Tsunade mostly plays a support role, assigning missions and providing exposition
180.  She's also come under attack from various militaristic factions in Konoha itself
181.  She is confronted by Pain's Deva Path, but he decides to run away
182.  but not before nuking Konoha
183.  After the Shinra Tensei, she uses a great deal of chakra to save those that she can and heal people, but this has the side effect of wearing off her transformation and putting her into a coma, causing the position of Sixth Hokage to go to Danzo (pending approval by the village jonins), however she later woke up from the said coma and showed herself to be critical about the decision to send Naruto and Killer Bee into hiding instead of trusting their aid in the war
184.  However, after escaping, both Naruto and Bee eventually manage to win over the other Kage's trust with their resolve
185.  She later joins the rest of the Kage in fighting a resurrected Madara Uchiha but, despite their valiant efforts, were all defeated (though Tsunade manages to save their lives)
186.  A resurrected Orochimaru later helps her back up and together they go on to confront the Ten-Tails and Madara once again
187.  After being caught in the Infinite Tsukiyomi, she, along with the other four Kage, faced the threat of death from Sasuke but were ultimately saved by Naruto
188.  Shortly afterwards, she steps down from the Hokage position to give the mantle to Kakashi before going on to retirement
189.  She later joins the rest of the Kage in fighting a resurrected Madara Uchiha but, despite their valiant efforts, were all defeated (though Tsunade manages to save their lives)
190.  A resurrected Orochimaru later helps her back up and together they go on to confront the Ten-Tails and Madara once again
191.  After being caught in the Infinite Tsukiyomi, she, along with the other four Kage, faced the threat of death from Sasuke but were ultimately saved by Naruto
192.  Shortly afterwards, she steps down from the Hokage position to give the mantle to Kakashi before going on to retirement