1.	Suu beat me to the Tsunade combat analysis thread, but he did a far better job than I could've
2.	So while he covers that fort, I'll bring up a different aspect that needs some light shed on it
3.	Tsunade-hime: Godaime Hokage~ Intent It annoys me each time I see someone say Tsunade isn't a true Hokage, or is just a "filler Hokage", or just "keeping the seat warm for Naruto
4.	These all imply she's brought nothing to the table as Hokage, which, quite clearly, isn't true
5.	As such, this is the driving factor in my creating this thread to address said concerns
6.	Tsunade before Hokage-ship We recall that Tsunade was noted as a prodigious child genius, just like her teammates Jiraiya and Orochimaru
7.	Whereas Jiraiya was the dullest of the three intellectually, Orochimaru and Tsunade were quite clever for their age, to the point of graduating from the Academy at the fresh young age of six years old
8.	This is not to say Jiraiya didn't graduate at the age of six, mind you
9.	It just showcases what quick learners they were, and their mindset at such a young age
10.	Not long after, they were sorted into Team Sarutobi, and the Bell Test began
11.	While Jiraiya failed miserably and seemingly didn't have the makings of a ninja,  Their skills were showcased at an early age, and their talent was nurtured under Hiruzen's tutelage
12.	Team Hiruzen would go on to become the Densetsu no Sannin, or "Three Great Shinobi [of (Konoha) Legend]
13.	   It was a way to perpetuate his own fame, as the dubber of the Sannin, and to have their fame associate with his, due to him having named them
14.	 It was at this point the Sannin split up, thanks to the introduction of the Amegakure Orphans, Nagato, Konan and Yahiko
15.	Jiraiya stayed behind to tutor them in the ways of the ninja, and Tsunade and Orochimaru returned to the front lines 
16.	Whereas Orochimaru was presumably on the front lines defending his home (or perhaps conducting his wicked experiments), Tsunade was rallying for medical institutions that were dedicated to training and producing key medical shinobi skilled in the healing arts and adding them to the standard four-man platoon 
17.	Her words were as follows (Viz Translation, with a different hyperlinked for comparison purposes): While Hiruzen turned down the idea for lack of resources and being in the middle of the war, note that he did implement it during the Third Great Shinobi World War 
18.	Then again, seeing as Jiraiya said Tsunade used to be the first person to care about the safety of the villagers and proposed the system and handed Konoha the victory in the previous war, one could argue that Tsunade" and "Konoha" are synonymous
19.	To make a long story short, before she became Hokage, she had a lot going for her (and some negative things too, like Dan and Nawaki's deaths): She became a legendary ninja and hailed as one of the Sannin She became a legendary kunoichi even more so, thanks to her countering of Chiyo's complex pathogens and poisons She devised the idea of a medical institution that revolutioned the four-man platoon, providing a medic nin in each squad to up the mission success rate and squad survival rate significantly, a system that went into effect before the next war She was attributed with being a major asset of Konoha during the Second War, "handing Konoha the victory" in her teammate Jiraiya's words Nomination & Justification Of course he would have to: the Councillors obviously weren't going to consider someone who didn't want any relation with the village and whose whereabouts where unknown
20.	It was a given they couldn't consider her, because she couldn't take up the mantle of Hokage due to her disappearance
21.	The moment Jiraiya mentioned her, and offered to look for her, , sending Jiraiya on the most important mission at the current time: find a Hokage to bring Konoha back to power and unite the village under their leadership
22.	Now, Jiraiya mentioned that the "sharp, go-getting Princess" was best suited
23.	That was just the tip of the iceberg, really
24.	When Naruto questioned who she was, Jiraiya listed all her accomplishments
25.	Now, seeing as I don't think  do it justice, I'm going to reference the Viz translation for the volume formats
26.	Anyone with Volume 18 of Naruto can verify what I say is accurate
27.	Now, as you can see from the nice paragraph Jiraiya provided us, she was chosen as Hokage for several reasons: She is "sharp, go-getting", according to Jiraiya She is not only the best choice, but the ONLY possible choice -- keep in mind Kakashi and Danzou were in the village as well, not to mention Jiraiya himself
28.	To this day (at that present time), no one could stand shoulder to shoulder with her in regards to battle or medical ninjutsu
29.	Meaning she was incredibly well-versed in combat and physical fighting, as well as no one being able to touch her in regards to medical ninjutsu skill level and prowess
30.	As if that weren't enough, she is also the best/only choice from a bloodline standpoint, furthering the legacy of her grandfather and founding father of Konoha, Hashirama Senju
31.	Before you say "Jiraiya was just saying that because he loved her and he was lazy and didn't want to do it himself!", cool your jets
32.	This is the same Jiraiya who not only threatened to kill Tsunade if she betrayed Konoha (which quite clearly places his love for the village above his love for her individually), but also knowingly went into battle expecting death and not fleeing when it was most opportune to save his life, instead giving it so he could secure information to help Konoha in defeating the threat of Pain and keeping it safe
33.	No doubt, he'd have become Hokage himself and take this 'hardship' on (no problem, if he's willing to die for the village right?) if it meant it was best for the village
34.	He gave his life for the village, and would've taken Tsunade's as well if it meant she betrayed it
35.	Do you really think he'd recommend her solely for an infatuation, when his intent to kill her already demonstrates he values the village more than her? Would he place the safety and lives of all those villagers based on someone "inadequate" or "useless", just for some sort of love that was never reciprocated? Of course not
36.	Don't waste your time
37.	Looking at all that, Tsunade certainly had the qualifications
38.	Even Post Time-Skip, , even without the "threat" of him becoming Hokage himself
39.	Kakashi was mentioned by Tsunade, but Jiraiya kept saying Tsunade was still the superior choice, and that Kages shouldn't change often
40.	She has all it takes to become Hokage, but how did she perform as Hokage? Let's take a look
41.	Becoming Hokage Remember the state of being she inherited the village from her predecessor and sensei, Hiruzen Sarutobi
42.	It was in shambles, essentially ruins from Orochimaru's failed invasion
43.	The impact was not unfelt, however
44.	All the structural architecture and buildings were ruined
45.	Countless villagers were dead and countless more injured
46.	Konoha's power and influence had drastically decreased
47.	Iruka pitched a ball park figure of Konoha being at "one-third" of its usual power
48.	It's evident Konoha was at its weakest time back then
49.	Naturally, as Hokage, she was expected to bring stability and prosperous times back to the Leaf Village
50.	And that's exactly what she did
51.	Healing the countless injured shinobi, sending out shinobi on high-ranking missions to generate income to pour into the economy and rebuild Konoha's structures and make the village the dominant yet peaceful power it once was
52.	While that was on her plate, she also had to deal with the defection of Uchiha Sasuke, not long after she came into power
53.	Of course, this was a troublesome matter,  Despite having had no forewarning regarding Orochimaru's previous interactions with Sasuke or attempts, and thinking back to an obscure reference he made to her, she devised the best course of action with what forces they had
54.	Keep in mind that she had just inherited the village, and that it was in shambles
55.	She stressed the dire nature and how quickly the mission needed to be completed
56.	Things did not look good
57.	Konoha had just had a joint-war with Sunagakure and Otogakure, and was on bad terms with both
58.	Despite this, to ensure a better success rate for such a dire mission,  The Sand complied, and sent Temari, Kankuro, and the Jinchuuriki himself
59.	This shows a sense of trust the village instilled in Tsunade, as they hated Konoha before her time as Hokage and wouldn't be caught dead sending their only bargaining chip to the aid of their enemies
60.	Things were already turning for the better
61.	And what a good choice it was to send in back-up
62.	When her own forces were struggling to defeat the elite ninja of Otogakure, the Sunagakure shinobi effortlessly defeated them in quick succession
63.	From Kankuro penetrating Sakon/Ukon in a brutal fashion, to Temari brutally decimating an entire forest and Tayuya along with it, to Gaara himself defeating Kimimaro after a long fight, the call for back-up proved prudent and a good call on her part
64.	Especially since Konoha gained an ally in the process, strengthening their power and removing one more competitor from wanting to destroy them
65.	While the mission was ultimately a failure, it boiled down to Naruto's capability and prowess versus Sasuke's
66.	Seeing as Sasuke was a genius and had a better grasp of ninjutsu than Naruto, I can't say I'm surprised at the ending
67.	She would then go on to take Sakura on as an apprentice, keeping in line with the Sannin being the mentor of Team 7 and their parallels
68.	Time-Skip Leadership ,  The end result, of course, was someone who could not only do  and  ( ), but someone who could wholefully assist Chiyo in her battle
69.	Quite an impressive change, don't you think? She went from near useless to keeping up with Sasori after some time with Chiyo's assistance
70.	And soon enough, she was holding her own against Sasori by herself
71.	This is remarkable, as we know Sakura was reliant on her teammates and couldn't do much by herself
72.	Whereas Chiyo attributes it to the student, I think of it as Sakura having an incredibly good master
73.	Not to cut Sakura's intelligence and accomplishments short, but she's more of a miracle case (in my opinion) that she was able to do something like this after she was taught by one of the Sannin
74.	Pretty damn good, wouldn't you say? Simultaneously, Tsunade was bringing the village back to its former glory and more
75.	Not only was Konoha restored to its former prestige and power, it gained its influence and no other village dared to attack it
76.	This shows good leadership and charge under Tsunade's belt, to take something ruined and make it good as new
77.	While she ran the village smoothly and ensured its safety, Akatsuki was plotting something big
78.	The capture of the Nine Jinchuurikis, and the extraction of them, was going to be a major problem for all the shinobi lands
79.	As evident in that scan, Tsunade does not forget favours and pays them back, indicating her sense of trust and fairness, and strengthening the relationship between the Leaf and Sand all the more
80.	, Tsunade had faith in him, faith that was justified
81.	Just as it was justified  and , and pretty much everywhere else
82.	Continuing with that tangent in regards to the Invasion of Pain Arc, Tsunade did what was expected of her and what any Hokage would do
83.	(which was the whole reason he left in the first place, to master Sage Mode and defeat Pain if he came),               ,       ,  , having saved the villagers from annihilation once already
84.	Before she was sidelined, however, , She did everything she could short of dying (which very well could've happened hadn't she been saved by Naruto and recovered her chakra) to protect her village and be a good leader
85.	Exterminating Akatsuki Tsunade was the only Hokage to actively do something about the threat of Akatsuki
86.	Hashirama, Tobirama, and Minato are excused due to Akatsuki's being a non-threat in their time
87.	Hiruzen, however, is debatable
88.	While Akatsuki did nothing major during his times as Hokage, notably his second time around after Minato's death, Jiraiya still was knowledgeable of them and would have informed his former sensei to do something about them
89.	Either that, or Jiraiya neglected to voice his concerns for Akatsuki, unlike when he did so to Kakashi
90.	The rest of the Kages have no excuse
91.	Tsunade was the only Kage of her time to actively pursue and exterminate the villainous organization, intent on saving the shinobi world by preventing the outbreak of the Fourth Great Shinobi World War
92.	That was a goal that could've been achieved if the other four of the Five Great Villages had bothered to do anything productive
93.	Whereas Tsunade was sending her shinobi out on missions to eliminate the Akatsuki and forming special organizations like the twenty, four-man platoons with the specific instructions of capturing (or if it proved too difficult, killing) Akatsuki members they came across
94.	She was planning capture so as to interrogate them and educate themselves on Akatsuki's true goal and what could be done to counter-act their terrorism
95.	Her village is directly responsible for the deaths of four members of the Akatsuki: Sasori, Hidan, Kakuzu and Pain
96.	40% of Akatsuki was exterminated by Konoha alone
97.	And her Kage counterparts? We get a glimpse of what they were doing during the Kage Summit
98.	Mifune, despite being controlled by Danzou, the Acting Hokage at the time due to Tsunade being comatose, raised valid points regardless
99.	Danzou's village was the only one with their Jinchuuriki left (as Bee was presumed captured), and there was no other faults on Konoha's part
100.	The other Kages also simply let the Akatsuki take their Jinchuuriki, instead of protecting them
101.	This only served to help the terroristic organization grow in power, something Tsunade was averse to
102.	Ultimately, none of the Kages there were trustworthy
103.	But there was a trustworthy Kage who wasn't at the meeting and had the most qualifications for being the Supreme Head of the Alliance
104.	Tsunade's no doubt got tons of experience
105.	She's lived and grew up in an era of war, and participated in one herself, the Second Great Shinobi World War
106.	In it, she rose to fame, not only as a combat ninja alongside Jiraiya and Orochimaru as one of the Sannin, but by herself as well as a legendary medic, the best in the world according to many
107.	Furthermore, she's shown she possess a strategic mindset and keen foresight, organizing the village and sending back-up for the retrieval of Sasuke by allying her village with the Sand
108.	She's proven trustworthy by aiding the Sand when they were in their time of crisis, as opposed to ignoring them like all the other villages, and her pursuit of Akatsuki and determination for them to be wiped out would've painted her as the best suited for the title of Alliance Leader
109.	This, in conjunction with maintaining their Jinchuuriki, would've sealed the deal
110.	I believe she would've been the best suited for leading the Alliance, due to her excellent capabilities as the Hokage
111.	Conclusion Despite all this, I see people claim she has bad leadership, bad decisions, relies too much on faith
112.	Isn't it justified? Hasn't she taken all the necessary actions to ensure things went smoothly, much more so than it would've gone if she took the other Kage's approach and let things be, if not play a hand in her and her village's own destruction? Has she not taken the prudent steps required for any respectable Hokage? Has she not defended her village to the best of her ability? Was it ever stated that only true Hokages fight? No
113.	It says that Hokages are there to protect the village to the best of their ability
114.	Going back to the Pain point, I've already stated he was far superior to her in terms of strength
115.	This was the man that killed Jiraiya
116.	Did you expect her to fight him? Didn't she try so anyways? Twice,  he blew up the village and ? She used her best abilities to keep casualties to a minimum, provided a means for communication, ordered the evacuation of villagers, protected the people working out Pain's secret, and called back their strongest fighter, the only one who stood a chance against Pain
117.	Wasn't that more prudent and clever than going and wasting chakra fighting six clearly superior opponents, and, if by some miracle she succeeded against one, travel all across Konoha to the next one to do the same five more times? She did what she does best, and what was best for the village
118.	Now, I realize that I undertook a huge issue
119.	There will be debate, ther will be arguments, and there will be misconceptions, and hopefully, clarifications
120.	I do not think I will debate much, as I expect my essay to do most of the talking
121.	If you've got concerns or comments, feel free to post them
122.	Surely there will be those who wrinkle their nose in disgust at another pro-Tsunade topic (or another Tsunade topic in general!), but there will be others who are delighted to see the monotony of the Library has been changed, even if by a little
123.	To those who have nothing but nasty, scathing comments, you will most likely not be recognized
124.	It's by this point that I realize there will always be hate, so you can do as you like