1. You see, but you do not observe.
2. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.
3. How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?
4. To a great mind, nothing is little.
5. I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
6. Crime is common. Logic is rare. Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell.
7. Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent.
8. It's a wicked world, and when a clever man turns his brain to crime it is the worst of all.
9. I consider that a man’s brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
10. But it is better to learn wisdom late than never learn it at all.
11. Where there is no imagination, there is no horror.
12. Watson! Come at once if convenient. If inconvenient, come all the same.
13. It is a mistake to confound strangeness with mystery.
14. I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician, all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one’s self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one’s own powers.
15. Work is the best antidote of sorrow, my dear Watson.
16. It is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you.
17. Of all ruins, that of a noble mind is the most deplorable.
18. Never trust to general impressions, my boy, but concentrate yourself upon details.
19. It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
20. I never make exceptions. An exception disproves the rule.
21. Education never ends, Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
22. Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
23. It’s every man’s business to see justice done.
24. But love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things.
25. There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
26. Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
27. My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence. These little problems help me to do so.
28. A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman’s love, however badly he may have treated her.
29. Let me see—what are my other shortcomings? I get in the dumps at times, and don’t open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and I’ll soon be right. What have you to confess now? It’s just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to live together.
30. What you do in this world is a matter of no consequence. The question is what can you make people believe you have done.
31. No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
32. It’s quite exciting.
33. What is out of the common is usually a guide rather than a hindrance.
34. Desultory readers are seldom remarkable for the exactness of their learning.
35. That head of yours should be for use as well as ornament.
36. My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people do not know.
37. Your life is not your own. Keep your hands off it.
38. You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
39. But it is better to learn wisdom late than never to learn it at all.
40. In my inmost heart I believed that I could succeed where others failed, and now I had the opportunity to test myself.
41. The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it.
42. My horror at his crimes was lost in my admiration at his skill.
43. Come at once if convenient—if inconvenient come all the same.
44. There is but one step from the grotesque to the horrible.
45. My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built. Life is commonplace; the papers are sterile; audacity and romance seem to have passed forever from the criminal world. Can you ask me, then, whether I am ready to look into any new problem, however trivial it may prove?
46. My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
47. A strange enigma is man.
48. The probability lies in that direction.
49. It is fortunate for this community that I am not a criminal.
50. I fear that if the matter is beyond humanity, it is certainly beyond me.
51. The game is afoot.
52. It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment.
53. Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
54. We balance probabilities and choose the most likely. It is the scientific use of the imagination.
55. What one man can invent another can discover.
56. Education never ends Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
57. My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work. The sooner the better.
58. You see… hidden within the unconscious is an insatiable desire for conflict. So you’re not fighting me… so much as you are the human condition. All I want is to own the bullets and the bandages. War, on an industrial scale, is inevitable. They’ll do it themselves, within a few years. All I have to do… is wait
59. Dear God. What is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring.
60. In a world of locked rooms the man with the key is king. And honey, you should see me in a crown.
61. A good detective knows that every task, every interaction, no matter how seemingly banal, has the potential to contain multitudes.
62. Exceptional children are often the product of unremarkable parents.
63. When you’re poor, no one wants to know you.
64. We’ve unmasked madmen, Watson, wielding scepters. Reason run riot. Justice howling at the moon.
65. There’s always a chance, Doctor, as long as one can think.
66. Elementary, my dear Watson.
67. You know my methods, Watson.
68. To a great mind, nothing is little. 
69. The devil’s due a soul, I’d say.
70. How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?
71. The lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside.
72. A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her.
73. Only one important thing has happened in the last three days, and that is that nothing has happened.
74. There should be no combination of events for which the wit of man cannot conceive an explanation.
75. When one tries to rise above Nature one is liable to fall below it. The highest type of man may revert to the animal if he leaves the straight road of destiny.
76. There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps.
77. On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything. You fail, however, to reason from what you see. You are too timid in drawing your inferences.
78. A hound it was, an enormous coal-black hound, but not such a hound as mortal eyes have ever seen. Fire burst from its open mouth, its eyes glowed with a smoldering glare, its muzzle and hackles and dewlap were outlined in flickering flame.
