1. As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to at the time which suits you best.
2. I have been beaten four times - three times by men and once by a woman.
3. I was never a very sociable fellow, Watson; always rather fond of moping in my rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year. Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes, and then my line of study was quite distinct from that of the other fellows, so that we had no points of contact at all.
4. My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built.
5. You are aware that I have some proficiency in the good old British sport of boxing. Occasionally it is of service. Today, for example, I should have come to very ignominious grief without it.
6. I have some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the Japaneses system of wrestling, which has more than once been useful to me.
7. Old Baron Dawson said the night before he was hanged that in my case what the law had gained the stage had lost.
8. Only I insist upon your dining with us. It will be ready in half an hour. I have oysters and a brace of grouse, with something a little choice in white wines - Watson, you have never yet recognized my merits as a housekeeper.
9. Singularity is almost invariably a clue.
10. When you follow two separate trains of thought, Watson, you will find some point of intersection which should approximate the truth. 
11. My night was haunted by the thought that somewhere a clue, a strange sentence, a curious observation, had come under my notice and had been too easily dismissed. Then, suddenly in the gray of the morning, the words came back to me.
12. Always look at the hands first, Watson. Then cuffs, trouser-knees, and boots.
13. As Cuvier could correctly describe a whole animal by the contemplation of a single bone, so the observer who has thoroughly understood one link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately state all the other ones both before and after.
14. That process starts upon the supposition that when you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
15. Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?
16. I am sorry to make you the victim of what may seem a mere whim, but on my life, Watson, I simply can't leave that case in this condition. Every instinct that I possess cries out against it. It's wrong - it's all wrong - I'll swear that it's wrong.
17. We approached the case, as you remember, with an absolutely blank mind, which is always an advantage. We had formed no theories. We were simply there to observe and to draw inferences from our observations.
18. They say that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains. It's a very bad definition but it does apply to detective work.
19. Well, his position is unique. He has made it for himself. There has never been anything like it before, nor will be again. He has the tidiest and most orderly brain, with the greatest capacity for storing facts, of any man living. The same great powers which I have turned to the detection of crime has used for his particular business.
20. Speaking of my old friend and biographer, I would take this opportunity to remark that if I burden myself with a companion in my various little inquiries it is not done out of sentiment or caprice, but it is that Watson has some remarkable characteristics of his own to which in his modesty he has given small attention amid his exaggerated estimates of my own performances.
21. The good Watson had at that time deserted me for a wife, the only selfish action which I can recall in our association. (This was his second wife, an unnamed woman, whom he married in 1902. Watson married Mary Morstan in 1890 and she died in 1894.)
22. Because I made a blunder, my dear Watson-which is, I am afraid, a more common occurrence than anyone would think who only knew me through your memoirs.
23. Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson.
24. Watson, I have some recollection that you go armed upon these excursions of ours.
25. Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age.
26. I never get your limits, Watson. There are unexplored possibilities about you.
27. I am getting into your involved habit, Watson, of telling a story backward.
28. You're not hurt, Watson? For God's sake, say that you are not hurt?
29.  'Pon my word, Watson, you are coming along wonderfully. You have really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but you have hit upon the method, and you have a quick eye for color.
30. I cannot at the moment recall any possible blunder which you have omitted.
31. Good, Watson. Very good - but quite inadmissible.
32. Come, come, Sir. You are like my friend, Dr. Watson, who has a bad habit of telling his stories wrong end foremost.
33. The ideas of my friend Watson, though limited, are exceedingly pertinacious.
34. Go, then, my dear Watson, and if my humble counsel can ever be valued at so extravagant a rate as two pence a word, it waits your disposal night and day at the end of the Continental wire.
35. You will realize that among your many talents, dissimulation finds no place.
36. I came over at once to London, called in my own person at Baker Street, threw Mrs. Hudson into violent hysterics, and found that Mycroft had preserved my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been.
37. I tell you Watson, in all seriousness, that if I could beat that man, if I could free society of him, I should feel that my own career had reached its summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some placid line in life. Between ourselves, the recent cases in which I have been of assistance to the royal family of Scandinavia, and to the French Republic, have left me in such a position that I could continue to live in the quiet fashion which is most congenial to me and to concentrate my attention upon my chemical researches. But I could not rest, Watson, I could not sit quietly in my chair, if I thought that such a man as Professor Moriarty were walking the streets of London unchallenged.
38. I think I may go so far as to say, Watson, that I have not lived wholly in vain. If my record were closed tonight I could still survey it with equanimity. The air of London is the sweeter for my presence. In over a thousand cases, I am not aware that I have ever used my powers upon the wrong side. Of late I have been tempted to look into the problems furnished by nature rather than those more superficial ones for which our artificial society is responsible. Your memoirs will draw to an end, Watson, upon the day that I crown my career by the capture or extinction of the most dangerous and capable criminal in Europe.
39. He is an excellent antagonist, cold as ice, silky-voiced, and soothing as one of your fashionable consultants, and poisonous as a cobra. He has breeding in him - a real aristocrat of crime, with a superficial suggestion of afternoon tea and all the cruelty of the grave behind it.
40. I think she is one of the most charming young ladies I ever met and might have been most useful in such work as we have been doing. She had a decided genius that way... But love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things. I should never marry myself, lest I bias my judgment.
41. I have seen too much not to know that the impression of a woman may be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reasoner.
42. And yet the motives of women are so inscrutable. You remember the woman at Margate whom I suspected for the same reason. No powder on her nose - that proved to be the correct solution. How can you build on such a quicksand? Their most trivial action may mean volumes, or their most extraordinary conduct may depend upon a hairpin or curling tongs.
43. Women have seldom been an attraction to me, for my brain has always governed my heart, but I could not look upon her perfect clear-cut face, with all the soft freshness of the downlands in her delicate coloring, without realizing that no young man would cross her path unscathed.
44. Oh, man, of course. No woman would ever send a reply-paid telegram. She would have come.
45. One of the most dangerous classes in the world is the drifting and friendless woman. She is the most harmless and often the most useful of mortals, but she is the inevitable inciter of crime in others. She is helpless. She is migratory. She has sufficient means to take her from country to country and from hotel to hotel. She is lost, as often as not, in a maze of obscure pensions and boarding houses. She is a stray chicken in a world of foxes. When she is gobbled up she is hardly missed.
46. I am not a whole-souled admirer of womankind, as you are aware, Watson, but my experience of life has taught me that there are few wives, having any regard for their husbands, who would let any man's spoken word stand between them and that husband's dead body. Should I ever marry, Watson, I should hope to inspire my wife with some feeling which would prevent her from being walked off by a housekeeper when my corpse was lying within a few yards of her. It was badly stage-managed; for even the rawest of investigators must be struck by the absence of the usual feminine ululation.
47. I have never loved, Watson, but if I did and if the woman I loved had met such an end, I might act even as our lawless lion-hunter has done.
48. Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
49. Crime is common. Logic is rare.
50. Human nature is a strange mixture, Watson. You see that even a villain and murderer can inspire such affection that his brother turns to suicide when he learns that his neck is forfeited.
51. They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin that does the smiling and beautiful countryside. But the reason is very obvious. The pressure of public opinion can do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so vile that the scream of a tortured child, or the thud of a drunkard's blow, does not beget sympathy and indignation among the neighbors, and then the whole machinery of justice is ever so close that a word of complaint can set it going, and there is but a step between the crime and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields, filled for the most part with the poor ignorant folk who know little of the law. Think of the deeds of hellish cruelty, the hidden wickedness which may go on, year in, year out, in such places, and none the wiser.
52. The London criminal is certainly a dull fellow. Look out of this window, Watson. See how the figures loom up, are dimly seen, and then blend once more into the cloud bank. The thief or the murderer could roam London on such a day as the tiger does the jungle, unseen until he pounces, and then evident only to his victim.
53. Life is commonplace; the papers are sterile; audacity and romance seem to have passed forever from the criminal world.
54. What one man can invent another can discover.
55. There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as in religion. It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its color are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
56. You may have noticed how extremes call to each other, the spiritual to the animal, the caveman to the angel.
57. But there are always some lunatics about. It would be a dull world without them.
58. The example of patient suffering is in itself the most precious of all lessons to an impatient world.
59. What is the meaning of it, Watson? What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
60. The highest type of man may revert to the animal if he leaves the straight road of destiny.
61. Education never ends, Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
62. Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wise, better England of the future.
63. Exactly, Watson. Pathetic and futile. But is not all life pathetic and futile? Is not his story a microcosm of the whole? We reach. We grasp. And what is left in our hands at the end? A shadow. Or worse than a shadow - misery.
64. While the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty. You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to. Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant. So says the statistician.
65. Dirty-looking rascals, but I suppose everyone has some little immortal spark concealed about him. You would not think it to look at them. There is no about it. A strange enigma is man.
66. There's an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it's God's own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared.
67. This case is quite sufficiently complicated to start with without the further difficulty of false information.
68. Well, I was trying to express it as delicately as I could, but if you insist upon the word I will not contradict you.
69. Yes, it was bad English but good American.
