1	"The many great BBC Sherlock quotes helped to cement the Benedict Cumberbatch led series as an exciting and accurate take on the modern Sherlock Holmes. While there have been many attempts to retell the stories of Arthur Conan Doyle?s iconic detective, few have had more critical and commercial success than the BBC?s Sherlock. Cumberbatch's portrayal of the titular detective brought the character into the 21st century with much acclaim over its four-season run. This success emanates from several key factors, none of which are more instrumental than the show?s excellent writing and many memorable Sherlock BBC quotes."
2	"Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat (among others) adapted the adventures of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson (played by The Hobbit star Martin Freeman) to the small screen and have written some moments of pure brilliance in the process. These moments, more often than not, contain some incredibly memorable and quotable lines of dialogue, all of which are invariably witty, profound, and clever. The best Sherlock BBC quotes showcase why the BBC's modernization of Sherlock Holmes and the characters in his world was so successful, while also highlighting how this character has remained so iconic for so long."
3	Sherlock Holmes is certainly not somebody to shy away from a witty retort to a misplaced insult. A prime example of this is when he is criticized by police officer Anderson. Many members of the police force are not a fan of Sherlock butting into their investigations and Anderson even suggests that part of the reason Sherlock is so good at solving murders is because he's the one committing them. Anderson attempts to rile Sherlock by suggesting this and calling him a psychopath only for Sherlock to causally correct the diagnosis.
4	"What makes the quote so brilliant, aside from Holmes? textbook matter-of-fact delivery, is that he corrects the diagnosis by professing that he is obviously a sociopath, which says a lot more about how Sherlock sees himself than simply telling Anderson he was wrong. It is also interesting that Sherlock doesn't feel it necessary to refute the accusation of murder."
5	"No television or movie studio would dare produce a Sherlock Holmes adaptation without referencing ""the game,"" and the BBC is no exception. It has become something of a catchphrase for the famed detective as he exclaims, ""The game is afoot"" when taking on a mystery. In Sherlock, the writers have given the famous phrase from the novels a modern twist, replacing the antiquated phrase ?afoot? with ?on? to make the saying more era-appropriate."
6	"The modern take on the line is still just as iconic as it was in Arthur Conan Doyle's original works, and is a terrific way to get die-hard Sherlock Holmes fans excited when it is uttered before a big case. The quote?s brilliance stems from making something as gruesome as a murder sound rather whimsical, thus giving an insight into Holmes? unusual sociopathic psyche. It further shows his detachment from the world as a new case always excites him, no matter how grizzly."
7	"Along with Sherlock and Watson being brought into the modern era, Sherlock also reinvents other classic characters from the books. This includes the landlady Mrs. Hudson (Una Stubbs) who is easily one of the most likable BBC Sherlock characters. This likability stems from her matronly charm and sharp-tongued wit, which even Sherlock Holmes himself finds amusing."
8	"There are many hilarious and brilliant quotes that can be attributed to Mrs. Hudson, but one stands out above the rest as an example of her comedic qualities as well as her caring nature toward Sherlock. Upon listening to Sherlock moan about being bored, Mrs. Hudson attempts to reassure him with the prospect of a ""nice murder,"" to which Sherlock replies ""can't come too soon,"" once again showing just how hilariously out of touch with normality the residents of 221B Baker Street really are."
9	"While Andrew Scott's career post-Sherlock has been very impressive, his role as Moriarty in the BBC adaptation was a breakout one for the actor. As one of the greatest fictional villains ever created, almost everything that Moriarty says can be interpreted as sinister. Even words as harmless as ""Did you miss me?"" are harrowing to those who know what horrors they entail. Given that Moriarty has one of the best Sherlock character arcs, these words were certainly a delight for fans of the show."
10	"With Sherlock having just committed murder at the end of season 3, not even his brother, Mycroft, could save him from exile and near-certain death. Ironically, the only person that could have saved him was Moriarty, and he did so posthumously, with four words, ""did you miss me?"" Seeing the character return after his death in season 2 was a big thrill and this line feels self-referential, as if he is talking to the audience as the show was certainly missing his presence."
11	"Mycroft Holmes is symbolic of the stereotypical British gentry, who are known for their stiff-upper-lip attitudes. Mycroft is repeatedly depicted to be somewhat of a stoic throughout Sherlock, favoring pragmatism over emotion when it comes to making difficult decisions. Whereas Sherlock seems to struggle to connect to the rest of humanity, Mycroft values keeping an emotional distance."
12	"He reminds his younger brother of the disadvantages associated with 'emotions' on numerous occasions throughout the series, but no occasion is more poignant or significant than in ""A Scandal in Belgravia."" Ironically, Mycroft reminds Sherlock that ""caring is not an advantage"" in an attempt to console him, but the irony does not hinder the thought-provoking brilliance of this Sherlock BBC quote. Of course, Sherlock is both heartless and prone to wearing his heart on his sleeve throughout the show, much to Mycroft's disapproval."
13	"An evil genius like Moriarty simply must have an arsenal of great quotes that sum up his personality as well as his evil intentions, and the BBC Sherlock adaptation ensured Andrew Scott's take on the villain was supplied with them in abundance. However, Andrew Scott's performance also helps to bring out the theatrical side of Moriarty not seen in the Sherlock Holmes books."
14	"""The Reichenbach Fall"" features one of his greatest quotes that showcases the different aspects of the character, from the evil mastermind who could very well take over the world and the flamboyant performer who is having fun with all of it. Moriarty reveals just how dangerous he is while face-to-face with Sherlock, but in a whimsical and poetic way that audiences have become accustomed to when the evil genius speaks. The quote is as brilliant as it is original and is just one of the many examples of excellent scriptwriting present in Sherlock."
15	"Being best friends with Sherlock Holmes certainly has its perks, but as John Watson will attest, it has disadvantages too. The biggest of these is having to put up with Sherlock?s infuriating arrogance, something that John learns to do quite well throughout the series. This makes for some great banter between the characters in BBC's Sherlock, with Sherlock's rudeness and Watson's annoyance played to perfection by Cumberbatch and Freeman."
16	"However, in ""A Scandal in Belgravia,"" John is brutally honest with Sherlock, telling him that he always hears ""punch me in the face"" when he speaks. Everybody knows at least one person to whom this quote applies. Sherlock, lovable as he is, is arguably deserving of a face punch from John every once in a while. It is a moment that cements their friendship, as Watson shows his frustration with the way Sherlock behaves but has no problem poking fun at Sherlock in response."
17	"According to Mycroft, Sherlock has the ""brain of a scientist or a philosopher,"" so it is unsurprising that the detective can form interesting opinions on a multitude of issues. Speaking to John, Sherlock shares his thoughts on the idea that genius requires ""an audience,"" which is an interesting yet accurate take when he is attempting to hunt down a clever killer. However, it is more interesting in how it relates to Sherlock himself."
18	"The quote is profound, and it is said in the very first episode of the entire series, which is not insignificant. From the point in which the quote is uttered, it reframes the way in which audiences view Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock Holmes as well as the ways genius can be viewed as flawed people in the show. There is a loneliness to Sherlock and this quote highlights that while also showing why his friendship with Watson is so important."
19	"The eponymous protagonist of the BBC?s Sherlock is symbolic of the show?s witty scriptwriting with his brilliant observations of the world. However, this is also one of the funniest versions of Sherlock that has ever been put to screen, with him delivering so many witty and cutting insults to those who deems undeserving of his time. There are many high-quality quotes in the very first episode of Sherlock, but few are better than the one Sherlock says to Anderson as he attempts to solve the ?a study in pink? case."
20	"After Anderson (inevitably) says something stupid, Sherlock replies with a classic Sherlock-style retort, which is witty, scathing, and hilarious. Sherlock can be insensitive and rude to people who truly don't deserve it. However, when it comes to people like Anderson who are just angry that Sherlock is smarter, it is a lot of fun seeing the brilliant detective shrink their egos."
21	"With Sherlock?s limited social skills, it is no surprise that he often comes out with rather insulting musings, not only towards those he dislikes like Anderson, but also his friends, colleagues, and society in general. His social ineptness (and unrivaled intellect) becomes evident in Sherlock?s very first episode, where he insults both Lestrade and Watson for not being able to make the same logical leaps that he finds so easy."
22	"If there were one quote that could perfectly sum up Sherlock Holmes, it would be this one. The quote encapsulates the iconic detective?s arrogance, intelligence, and distance from everybody else in ?normal? society, which is what makes it so brilliant. While the original version of Sherlock Holmes was someone who was smarter than everyone around him, this modern version examined that idea and how he might feel alien in society when surrounded by those less intelligent than him."
