1. All right, breaking news
2. The Federal Reserve just decided to cut interest rates by 50 basis points
3. This obviously is an aggressive stance
4. This is them sending a message to the market telling them we are here
5. We are going to step in and we are going to stimulate the economy
6. Already we have seen the S&P jump
7. We've seen Bitcoin jump and gold just hit a new all time high
8. These assets understand that cheap capital is going to flow into the market
9. And if the Federal Reserve is starting off with a 50 basis point cut, that means that they're serious
10. that we also know that the M2 money supply is expanding
11. And so any time that you have the cost of capital coming down, you have more capital coming into the market
12. Asset prices, which are denominated in dollars, are going to go up
13. And so having the Federal Reserve step in
14. Now remember, asset prices, especially stocks, are already at all time highs
15. Just yesterday, we got the S&P and the Dow Jones hitting a new all time high
16. And then the next day, the Federal Reserve decides to start cutting interest rates and changing into a more quantitative easing regime
17. And so if asset prices like stocks and others are already at or near all time highs, and then we get cheap capital coming into the market, you would expect these asset prices to keep going up
18. Now, from an investment standpoint, what is so interesting about this is, again, in the second half of an election year, we usually get more volatility
19. And that's exactly what we have seen
20. There's plenty of people talking about a potential recession
21. But if the Federal Reserve is cutting interest rates like this, then that signals to us that likely they are only just beginning
22. The market is now pricing in about 100 basis point cut all the way through the end of the year
23. We start with 50 basis points and then we get 25 basis points and another 25 to go from 5.25 to 5.5% interest rates all the way down to four and a half percent just in the last couple of months of the year would be a very bullish sign when it comes to stock prices, Bitcoin, etc
24. Now, one of the critiques of a big move like this is we are less than 50 days away
25. from an election
26. And so obviously, having a big interest rate cut like this is a boom
27. It's a tailwind for the incumbents
28. So Vice President Harris and her campaign have to be very excited about the fact that we just got this big interest rate cut
29. Now, what I expect to happen here is that there's going to be plenty of people now saying, oh, wait, that recession we were talking about, that is unlikely to occur because we have a soft landing on our hands now that the Fed's going to stimulate the economy
30. Remember, asset prices at or near all time highs with no stimulation in the economy and to money supply expanding
31. And now we get this big interest rate cut that is going to be very big positive
32. Now, of course, one other thing to pay attention to is where else are people going to put their money
33. There's over $6 trillion sitting in money market funds
34. So these people have run into the corners of the financial system because interest rates were high
35. When interest rates are high, they get a high yield
36. As those yields come down, these people are going to look to go back into financial assets
37. So that's $6 trillion that's sitting in the money market funds
38. If all of a sudden that starts to flow back into stocks or other assets, then you can expect that to be a tailwind as well
39. Overall, I know people are worried about a potential recession, but it looks like the Federal Reserve is all over it
40. They are going to stimulate the economy
41. They're going to expand the money supply
42. and asset prices are going to benefit
43. And so 50 basis point cut, huge breaking news, much bigger than most people were expecting
44. And that is going to be a positive shock to the market
45. The Fed is here
46. They're going to stimulate and stocks Bitcoin and everything else is likely to go up over the long run
