1. What's up, guys
2. One of the questions I've been getting recently is whether the ether ETF is good for Bitcoin or not
3. On one hand, it could be a distraction
4. On the other hand, all boats could rise together
5. Thankfully, I am here to answer your question
6. Now, I wrote about this about five years ago in something called the token density theory
7. Now, forget about crypto for a second
8. It's much better to explain it with a regular business
9. Let's call it restaurants
10. If you sit at an intersection in a restaurant, let's say in a small town somewhere in America, and there's one single restaurant there, some of the people who live nearby, they come to the restaurant every once in a while
11. And if all of a sudden across the street, a second restaurant gets built, a lot of people would say, wait a minute, that's competition
12. That's bad for business in the original restaurant
13. You went from one restaurant at that intersection to now two
14. But let's say that a third and a fourth restaurant all get built at that same intersection
15. Many people would believe that that's actually bad for the first business
16. But what studies show is that the density at that intersection of having more than one restaurant leads to all of the restaurants seeing more foot traffic and more revenue
17. So what happens is that people then begin to understand that this is the restaurant intersection
18. If I'm hungry, ah, let's just go down there and we'll figure out where we're going to eat
19. That's the beauty of building density in a certain area all around the same exact type of business
20. Now, let's go back to the crypto world
21. That's exactly what we're seeing here
22. When Bitcoin got approved with the ETF, that was great
23. We saw over 13 billion dollars of assets flow into these ETFs
24. And of course, Wall Street, they love Bitcoin
25. Bitcoin goes up a lot compared to most of the assets that they have in their portfolio over a long period of time
26. And they now have a way to make money
27. They can have an ETF, they can charge fees and it's bringing even more customers to them
28. So it's a great thing for Wall Street
29. But when the ether ETF gets approved, I actually don't think that ether's ETF is going to be a distraction to Bitcoin
30. Bitcoin story is very clear
31. People know exactly why you buy it to store value
32. It protects your purchasing power
33. And it's this decentralized asset that's competing against gold
34. No other crypto asset is really trying to beat Bitcoin
35. Instead, all of the other crypto assets are competing from a technology standpoint
36. They're all trying to be smart contract platforms or various other types of platforms
37. And so if you think about in the legacy world, Bitcoin is akin to gold and then Ethereum, Solana and many other coins
38. Those are more like Facebook, Google, Apple, etc
39. Now, the reason why this becomes really interesting is because what we are watching is the legitimization of the crypto industry
40. This not only protects your home's title from fraud, but when you are ready to move, you can sell it through an NFT auction as well as through the traditional way
41. There's optionality here
42. Proppy Keys is part of the Proppy ecosystem
43. Their mission is to make home ownership more efficient, affordable, and user-friendly
44. Proppy Keys is a fun entry point to placing a title on the blockchain
45. Now, anyone can start their on-chain journey by missing home addresses via Proppy Keys and staking them for
46. Wall Street loves Bitcoin
47. Wall Street's gonna love Ether
48. Wall Street's gonna love Solana and everything else
49. Because now they see activity coming in
50. They understand that if we can get these young investors to go and start buying these assets, we establish a relationship with them
51. And then we're gonna go right back to all of our existing clients
52. And we're gonna say, hey
53. We now have these new assets that seem to perform better than our traditional assets
54. Would you like to buy some
55. And that's what I think you're going to see when the ether ETF gets approved
56. Now, I don't think the ether ETF is going to get more inflows than the Bitcoin ETF got because, again, Bitcoin story is unique
57. It's something that people can wrap their heads around very easily
58. But I do think that the ether ETFs are going to see inflows
59. And I think that you're going to continue to see people start to pick which of the technology platforms do they want to bet on
60. No different than what they do in the legacy world when they're trying to pick stocks or try to figure out which sectors are going to outperform others
61. That's what we're going to see when it's either Solana and many other ETFs
62. But ultimately, we are going to see more capital flow into the overall crypto ecosystem on Wall Street
63. Because now what you're seeing is not only are investors interested in it, not only are the regulators going to approve this stuff, but also the banks are getting up to speed
64. You have people inside these organizations that understand the assets
65. They understand the market
66. They understand portfolio theory
67. And they're going out
68. And their sales teams are going to start talking to their clients
69. They want more people allocating more dollars to these assets
70. And therefore, that's what they're going to get
71. Wall Street is incredibly good at distribution
72. They are way better at it than the crypto industry
73. And I think that we're going to continue to see capital flow into all of these assets
74. But don't get confused
75. Don't believe that because there's going to be an ether ETF that it is going to hurt Bitcoin
76. I actually think Bitcoin is going to help ether and ether is going to help Bitcoin
77. Same with every other ETF that gets approved
78. And so ultimately, we're on the same team
79. There's a lot of people that are tribal or maximals in the crypto ecosystem
80. But you have to understand that every single one of these assets is a net positive in terms of marketing, awareness, capital flows, user acquisition, and
81. continuing to see this asset class seared into the brains of investors
82. There's this thing called the Lindy effect
83. The longer something exists, the more likely it is to persist in the future
84. Well, many of the assets that people are buying, the S&P, QQQ, et cetera, they've been around for a while
85. Investors have confidence that they're going to be around in the future
86. What we are going to see is over the coming years and maybe even decades that the longer these assets have been in the market, the more people have held them, the more comfortable folks are going to get
87. There's a familiarity that comes with holding these assets
88. And so the banks will get more comfortable
89. The investors will get more comfortable
90. The regulators will get more comfortable
91. And so to see more assets flow should not be shocking
92. And I also don't think seeing many more assets being approved for ETFs over time is going to be shocking either
93. So now we understand Wall Street can make money
94. We understand regulators are going to approve this stuff and they are not competitive with each other
95. Instead, all boats rise together
96. That's exactly what you should want
97. You should want to play a game where you can win when other people are successful
98. Playing a zero sum game where you have to win at the expense of somebody else or at the expense of another asset is not a game that's usually worth playing
99. And so it's very good to see that that token density theory, that same thing like the restaurant density at that intersection, the more tokens we have approved in the regulated market, the better it will be for Bitcoin and the better it will be for the overall crypto industry
