1. Bitcoin in the midst of four straight days of losses with crypto becoming a major issue in this presidential election Where can we expect the price to go from here
2. During us now for more is Anthony Pompuliano Founder and CEO of professional capital management Anthony
3. It is good to see you
4. So you look at Bitcoin here
5. We're down about over 5% in August
6. We've kind of been trading in this in this range Anthony roughly 50 to 70 thousand
7. For months, what do you think breaks us out of this range, Anthony
8. Would you be looking to a Fed cut in September
9. Is it election volatility
10. What's on your radar
11. I think there's three main things that will break us out
12. First is time
13. You know, people are away for the summer
14. We kind of go sideways historically over the summer
15. When people come back, they sit in front of their computers and they start buying assets
16. And so I think that Bitcoin will be a, you know, beneficiary of that action
17. The second thing, obviously, is a Fed cut
18. As cheap capital comes into the market, you should see some of that capital flowing into risk assets like Bitcoin for people on Wall Street, and you'll see price kind of break out
19. And then the third thing is
20. I do think that if former President Trump is reelected, there's a lot of folks who are kind of looking at him as the pro-Bitcoin or pro-crypto candidate, and I would expect Bitcoin to rally on his reelection as well
21. What would change your view on that, Anthony
22. We know, for example, that Harrison Walz had their first network interview this evening after announcing her campaign for presidency
23. What could she say in that interview that would make you think that she is the pro-crypto candidate
24. I don't think anyone in the Bitcoin crypto industry cares about words at this point
25. If you're sitting vice president, then you can do action, right
26. And I think that's really what people are looking for
27. And so if people believe that the current administration has been abrasive towards the industry, I think the most powerful thing that Vice President Harris could do
28. is to start to take actions to support the industry, show rather than tell
29. And I think the same would be true if it was a Republican in office
30. You know, at this point in an election cycle, both candidates are going to say a lot of things, but the average voter really can only take those words as perceived empty promises
31. And so the advantage that Vice President Harris has is she can not just talk, she can act
32. And so if she was able to take one or two different actions that showed she was becoming more sympathetic and kind of pro Bitcoin, pro crypto, I think it would really help her election campaign
33. Anthony, isn't that the SEC
34. Isn't that their purview
35. I think that obviously regulators are a big piece of what happens in the United States, but there's plenty of stuff that the president could do
36. Some of it could be via executive action
37. Some of it could just simply be coming out in support
38. One of the things that I don't think people have given enough credit to for President Trump is he actually held a meeting with Bitcoin miners and he sat and he listened to them
39. And so again, you know, it was behind closed doors
40. It was attached to a fundraiser
41. So there was definitely incentives for him to do it
42. But sitting in a room and listening to these people is pretty powerful
43. My understanding is that there was recently a private meeting of crypto executives
44. and some congressmen and senators that were on the Democratic side, and they wanted to talk about crypto
45. But Vice President Harris didn't attend
46. And so again, you know, obviously, politicians are busy
47. They've got a lot of stuff going on
48. But I think part of action could just be showing up and listening
49. And so, you know, again, I do think that Vice President Harris has an advantage in that she's in a position to act, whereas former President Trump is kind of on the outside looking in
50. But let's see what happens, you know, that we're still two months or so away from from the election
51. I'm curious, Anthony, when you're talking to friends and family, and maybe they're curious about investing in Bitcoin, and they're asking you why they should, what do you tell them, Anthony
52. What's the reason
53. Is it for the trade, store of value, medium of exchange
54. What's the reasoning
55. Usually I just ask them, do you think the dollars can be worth more or less in the future
56. Almost no one I've met thinks that the dollar is going to be stronger in the future from a purchasing power standpoint
57. And so immediately they start to think, well, where can I go to get some sort of economic security for the hard-earned wealth that I've been able to accumulate
58. You know, there's many assets that you can go buy
59. You can go buy gold, you can buy Bitcoin, you can buy real estate, you can buy stocks
60. And so each person situation is different
61. But I do think that there is a cohort of people in a growing cohort, hundreds of millions of people around the world
62. They want something that is a store of value that leverages sound money principles
63. It's an asset that's outside of the legacy financial system
64. No one can create more of it
65. But also, they don't want kind of the existing physical gold, which is simply kind of trading sideways
66. You know, gold just hit a new all-time high, but it's only up 50% since 2012
67. So you can think of Bitcoin as gold with wings
68. It gives you that same downside protection, that same kind of purchase power protection, but it also has the asymmetry of an asset that is compounding over that same time period at about 62% the compound annual growth rate for the last 10 years
69. Gold with wings
70. I need that on a t-shirt, Anthony
71. That's a good one
72. Let me ask you this
73. What about ETF adoption
74. Just switching gears a bit here
75. I'm curious to get your take on the launch
76. Flows have actually been relatively strong, Anthony, even when you see price declines
77. What does that tell you
78. Yeah, I mean, obviously people want access to this asset
79. You know, what's unique about Bitcoin is historically technologies are adopted by kind of militaries first, then countries, then corporations, and then individuals
80. Bitcoin has been the reverse of that
81. We have seen the individual adopt it first
82. Eventually, we got some corporations and financial institutions and the promises that we're eventually going to get, you know, countries and militaries to participate as well
83. But I do think that right now, as we see those financial institutions, those corporations
84. and kind of larger family offices want to allocate to the asset, the ETFs provide a really low cost liquid way to do that
85. And so they're going to continue to buy
86. Now, of course, prices go up and down based on buyers and sellers
87. And so there's more sellers than buyers
88. But that doesn't mean that the folks who want the ETF are going to go away
89. It just means that there's more people selling than buying
90. And maybe they're selling in the spot market while these folks are going and buying the ETFs
91. To what extent, Anthony, do you worry about government sellers of cryptocurrency
92. For example, we saw that this was a headwind for the price of Bitcoin when Germany was selling off their holdings a little bit
93. Is that something that investors should be looking at moving forward
94. Imagine being able to tell your grandchildren that you bought Bitcoin sold from a government
95. That's what I think
96. And so if the governments are going to sell it, I think people are scrambling to be the ones to buy it
97. Historically, Bitcoiners have usually talked about things like, hey, don't be the Bitcoiner that sells your Bitcoin to Wall Street
98. Don't be the Bitcoiner that sells your Bitcoin to
99. a nation state, but now when these governments go and they are offloading Bitcoin, somebody's on the other side of that trade
100. And so while it's somewhat of a meme, it's somewhat of a kind of funny conversation, I do think that there's a lot of people who say, hey, if these organizations, these nation states have Bitcoin
101. and they're going to sell it, I would love to be on the other side of that trade
102. And so there's a persistent bid
103. Obviously hundreds of millions of people around the world believe that these sound money principles in digital form are very valuable
104. There is a very strong holder base of Bitcoin
105. More than 50% of Bitcoin hasn't moved in over a year
106. And I think that this asset will continue to do that for the years to come
107. Anthony Pompliana, thanks so much for joining us
108. We always appreciate your insights
109. Thanks for coming back with us
110. You got it
