Content	Keywords
<<<<<<< HEAD:contribution_datasets/anthony_pompliano/anthony_content_with_keywords.txt
From Facebook to the face of crypto: Inside Anthony Pompliano’s wild career | TechCrunch Login Search Startups Venture Apple Security AI Apps Events Startup Battlefield More Fintech Cloud Computing Layoffs Hardware Google Microsoft Transportation EVs Meta Instagram Amazon TikTok Newsletters Podcasts Partner Content Crunchboard Jobs Contact Us Search Featured Article From Facebook to the face of crypto: Inside Anthony Pompliano’s wild career When tech and bitcoin bite, he bites back, politely Christine Hall Mary Ann Azevedo 8:01 AM PDT • July 10, 2024 Comment Image Credits: Bryce Durbin Bang. Bang	tech, crypto, ai, startups, techcrunch, google, facebook, apple, bitcoin, pompliano, startup
In the winter of 2014, a 25-year-old Anthony Pompliano was reading a book on a plane that would change his life. The former army sergeant from North Carolina — who had turned 21 while serving in Iraq — was on his way to a job interview at Facebook for a product manager role	interview, facebook, pompliano
Pompliano had founded two small tech startups after he left military service and sold the second, a track record that attracted the attention of recruiters at both Google and Facebook. But he had spent his life so far away from Silicon Valley that he had no idea what a product manager even was	tech, startups, google, facebook, military, pompliano
That didn’t stop him from pursuing the job. Instead, he read some product management blogs that were all mentioning the same book	blogs
So he bought a copy. “On the flight to San Francisco, I literally read a book called ‘The Art of Project Management,’” he told TechCrunch	techcrunch
“Then I went into the interview and tried to regurgitate everything that I had read in the book and not sound stupid. I was fortunate enough to get the job.” Ten years later, his level of fame in the tech industry is so wide that he’s known by a single-syllable name: Pomp	tech, pomp, interview, industry
It wasn’t a straightforward path. He earned his Valley street cred doing “growth hacking” for two years at that Facebook job; he then had a potentially near career-ending controversy with his next employer, Snapchat	snapchat, facebook
He bounced back to become an investor with an enviable track record, then gained fame as an unflagging advocate for bitcoin and crypto. Today, his businesses encompass multiple podcasts and newsletters, venture investment and research firms	research, crypto, investment, bitcoin
Pompliano just announced his most recent venture: Professional Capital Management . It’s a company he created about two years ago to incubate startups and provide traditional asset management with some of the profits from those incubated companies	companies, startups, capital, company, asset, pompliano
Pompliano is upfront that this business idea is going to be difficult to pull off, and that’s one of the reasons he’s attracted to the idea. Any normal person, he said, would probably not sign up to do incubation and asset management at the same time	business, asset, pompliano
But his story is of an unconventional rise to success and a reputation built on hard work, luck, respect and always taking his shots. The man behind the “bang bang” To know Pompliano is to know he’s a man of routine	work, pompliano
First, there is that catchphrase he uses at the start of each podcast, “Bang. Bang.” Pompliano laughs that he has “no clue” why he started saying it	podcast, pompliano
“I did it three or four times and then I didn’t do it, and the audience was like, ‘Hey, what happened?’ And I realized they almost became like an inside joke with the audience.” He also wears the same blue and gold striped tie whenever he makes a television appearance — and which he wore during both interviews with TechCrunch. Every day, he tweets on X the same, “Good morning	x, techcrunch
Today is going to be a great day. Let’s get after it relentlessly.” And while that might sound cheesy, “Pomp is one of the hardest-working people I have ever known	pomp
He just gets it done. I love the guy,” Mark Yusko, founder and managing director of Morgan Creek Capital Management, told TechCrunch	capital, techcrunch
Morgan Creek is a North Carolina-based hedge fund claiming more than $1.3 billion of assets under management. In addition to the newly formed Professional Capital Management business, Pompliano’s business interests span: The Pomp Podcast, which has over 530,000 subscribers on YouTube and has hosted names like venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, Ark Invest’s Cathie Wood and boxer-turned-investor Jake Paul	business, pomp, podcast, fund, capital, youtube, billion, invest, pompliano
The Pomp newsletter, which has over 260,000 subscribers and three tiers, from free to $10 per month or $500 a year. Pomp Investments, his family office for investments In addition he: Was a co-founder of early-stage investment firm Full Tilt Capital, which backed companies like Lyft, Reddit, Everlywell and Imperfect Produce, which sold to Morgan Creek in 2018	companies, pomp, capital, investment
Has over a million followers on Twitter, over 558,000 total YouTube subscribers, 135,000 followers on Instagram and is a frequent guest on financial TV shows like Fox Business and CNBC. Within the Professional Capital Management venture, Pompliano folded in his existing crypto hiring firm Inflection Points, which recruits, trains and employs people in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industry	business, crypto, cryptocurrency, capital, twitter, youtube, industry, bitcoin, pompliano
He also partners with founders in other ways. He sold one of his first incubations, Reflexivity Research, to DeFi Technologies earlier this year in February	research, defi
Founded with a young bitcoin investor, Will Clemente, who had gained social media fame by documenting his investment, it is a well-known provider of Bitcoin, crypto, DeFi and economic analysis. Earlier in 2024, he also co-founded the financial news and research newsletter and podcast, Opening Bell Daily, with former Business Insider reporter Phil Rosen	research, business, crypto, podcast, defi, investment, bitcoin
With former TechCrunch reporter Jacquelyn Melinek, he launched Token Relations, a firm that helps blockchain and crypto projects form direct relationships with their communities, developers and token holders. His variety of business interests is deliberate	business, crypto, techcrunch, blockchain
One of the things he learned over the years is that “people who get complacent get disrupted.” That’s why he reminds himself on a daily basis to approach investing from a beginner’s mindset, because every time he thinks he’s got something figured out, the game changes, he said. “If you look through the evolution of the investing that I’ve done, or even the businesses that we’ve built, we’re constantly trying to iterate and evolve to make sure that we’re using the latest and greatest to be able to stay kind of ahead of everybody,” Pompliano said	investing, pompliano
Anthony Pompliano in his classic blue suit and favorite on-camera tie during an appearance on CNBC. Image Credits: YouTube/CNBC (opens in a new window) Always the entrepreneur Pompliano was perhaps trained since childhood for business	business, youtube, pompliano
The oldest of five boys, his father is founder of the data and information technology services company Anexio and his parents always encouraged their children to be entrepreneurial. Pompliano and his brothers took that encouragement literally, and were always scheming up ways to make money	company, money, pompliano
“We’d find stuff around the house and say our parents don’t need this anymore and would go try to sell it,” he said. “Or a friend would be selling something, and we would buy it and try to flip it,” he remembers	sell
While Pompliano can be surprisingly modest when talking about his own abilities — and to this day says he’s not sure why Facebook hired him, setting him on this career path — during a 2017 episode of the Breaking into Startups podcast, he shared some insights. By that time, he’d already left Facebook and was in a rebound phase with his career	startups, podcast, facebook, pompliano
In thinking over the 150 people he himself had interviewed for roles at Facebook, he’d learned that there were two attributes that were harbingers of success in tech: people who can adapt to new info thrown at them and still calmly make strong decisions. And people whose instincts were to work with others to solve problems	tech, work, facebook
Pompliano says the second attribute has become “a life principle. Nobody does anything by themselves	pompliano
It doesn’t mean that you need 100 people,” he told TechCrunch. “A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate	techcrunch
Success in business is less about what you get out of it, and it’s more about what value do you deliver to somebody else — how do you solve their problem?” Those who know Pompliano say both of those traits are his superpowers. He is “uniquely articulate in his ability to communicate with people,” said Andrew Spellman, founder and managing partner at Fifth Down Capital	business, capital, pompliano
Spellman invested in and is on the board of Inflection Points . He gave the example of how Pomp can always field questions that come at him, even on a TV spot when defending Bitcoin during the crypto winter	crypto, pomp, bitcoin
“He takes what is, to many, including myself, a complicated asset class, or something that people don’t understand as well, and really simplifies it,” Spellman said, referring to crypto. “I find that to be a really, really unique skill set.” Clemente, who was 20 years old when they launched Reflexivity Research, describes how Pomp mentored him	research, crypto, pomp, asset
“He was on every sales call and whenever I needed him,” Clemente said. “He has this persona on Twitter of relentless energy	twitter
He’s a workhorse, but in my experience, he is genuine.” “Nobody does anything by themselves … A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate.” Anthony Pompliano Facebook, Snapchat and Morgan Creek Morgan Creek’s Yusko jokingly told TechCrunch that he “discovered” Pompliano by hearing him talk on a podcast, a comment Pompliano didn’t dismiss. “That’s a fair characterization	snapchat, podcast, techcrunch, facebook, pompliano
Mark is a pretty special guy in that he has now almost 30 years investing,” Pompliano said in response. “I credit Mark with a lot.” He was 27 then and at a crossroads	investing, pompliano
During his time at Facebook, his cachet had risen internally until he landed a spot on a small team directly working on Mark Zuckerberg’s and Sheryl Sandberg’s social presence. “That’s a pretty incredible opportunity for a 25- or 26-year-old to get exposure in meetings with those two individuals to see how they operate,” Pompliano recalled	facebook, pompliano
And then it looked like his tech career could have been over, just two years after it had begun. He had jumped from Facebook to Snapchat (now Snap) in 2015 to do growth hacking there and was terminated within three weeks, according to a lawsuit he filed against Snapchat at the start of 2017 	tech, snapchat, facebook
He alleged in the suit that Snapchat ended his job when he questioned Snapchat’s user numbers, a charge that the company has always denied. (It’s worth noting that in 2020, Snap entered into a $187.5 million settlement with shareholders over a lawsuit from them that made similar allegations.) Pompliano had to abandon the lawsuit when a judge ruled he was obligated to settle it in private arbitration	snapchat, company, pompliano
After leaving Snapchat, Pompliano went to work at Brighten Labs, where he was also fired after a few months. He sued them in 2016 for wrongful termination and fraud	snapchat, work, pompliano
Pompliano declined to comment on any of the litigation but this was a painful time in his life. He opted to get out of big tech and go back to his home state of North Carolina, far away from Silicon Valley	tech, pompliano
“I wouldn’t have had the career, success or network had I not lived in Silicon Valley,” Pompliano said, looking back. “It’s a very special place, the heartbeat of innovation	pompliano
But I also felt it was somewhat of an echo chamber, and I wanted to have relationships, connectivity and knowledge outside of it. I also enjoy living on the East Coast, and so I wanted to do that as well.” Instead of giving up, Pompliano got right back in the game	coast, pompliano
Back in North Carolina, he and new business partner Jason Williams started Full Tilt Capital. They set out to raise a small fund of about $3.5 million to invest in early-stage companies	business, companies, fund, capital, invest
They blasted through investments, at one point completing 22 deals in 90 days, Pomp told Business Insider in 2016. The pair had good enough instincts to pick a few winners, like finance-tracking app Brigit, medical testing company EverlyWell and location intelligence company Placer.ai	business, pomp, ai, company
Looking back now, he says, “We were fortunate enough to probably not know what we were doing. We didn’t have the battle scars.” But he admits, “I still don’t know if I know what I’m doing when it comes to investing, especially in the private markets.” Still, that early fund “really allowed me to realize I enjoyed investing” but also taught me that “I didn’t know how to build an investment firm,” he said	fund, investing, investment
Although he didn’t know it at the time, he was about to have another life-altering experience. “We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it	billion
After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero.” Mark Yusko In search of capital After hearing Pompliano talk as a guest on a podcast, Yusko began following him on Twitter and the two soon made plans to meet for breakfast. Their meeting turned into an all-day affair trading ideas	podcast, capital, twitter, pompliano
And that’s when Morgan Creek Digital was born. Morgan Creek bought Full Tilt in the first quarter of 2018 and launched Morgan Creek Digital to focus on crypto/blockchain investing	digital, crypto, blockchain, investing
It was still a radical idea at the time, Yusko said. While Fred Ehrsam’s Paradigm was also founded around 2018, and Andreessen Horowitz launched its first $300 million crypto fund in 2018, as well, most traditional VCs had not caught up yet	crypto, fund
Full Tilt had hoped to raise $25 million for its second fund, which was to be dedicated to crypto, but once Morgan Creek absorbed it, their dreams skyrocketed. Now they envisioned a $1 billion fund	crypto, fund, billion
Yusko introduced Pompliano to some potential investors. “I sent Pomp on a first meeting up in Washington, D.C	pomp, pompliano
and we got lucky with one good meeting,” Yusko said. That one good meeting was with three public pension funds, where two committed, Pompliano recalls	pompliano
However, one of the people with him humbled Pompliano a bit after the meeting, telling him that they had never seen that kind of quick funding in their career before, and Pompliano should not expect it, he said. That was a foreshadowing statement	funding, pompliano
Yusko explained that “in the first quarter of 2018, we were in a bear market, and everyone hates crypto in a bear market. We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it	crypto, billion
After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero. The University of Texas even laughed him out of the office.” Pompliano, Williams and Yusko ended up raising $40 million, which Yusko said was good for a first-time fund, especially for three people who had never worked together before	fund, pompliano
Around that time, Yusko and Pompliano met the folks who run John Mauldin’s Strategic Investment Conference, and they convinced Pompliano to ditch a blog he was occasionally writing on Medium and get serious about a newsletter. The next week, he started a Substack called “ The Pomp Letter .” He also launched a podcast in August 2018	pomp, podcast, investment, pompliano
Between 2018 and 2020, the fund was investing in Bitcoin and in companies like Liquid Death. Pompliano also helped Morgan Creek Digital raise a second fund of $90 million — he is still involved as a GP in both funds	digital, companies, fund, investing, bitcoin, pompliano
Then in 2021, Yusko recalls Pompliano getting a call from AngelList co-founder Naval Ravikant, who wanted Pompliano to work on a new rolling fund product AngelList was doing. So while Williams stayed at Morgan Creek Digital (and is still there), Pompliano left to work on the rolling fund at AngelList	digital, work, fund, pompliano
Pomp and Yusko still work together on the Morgan Creek funds and still talk every Monday. “He’s definitely one of my favorite people,” Yusko said	pomp, work
Mark Yusko, founder and CEO of Morgan Creek Capital Management Image Credits: Bryce Durbin Crypto investing Ironically, for a guy known for his steadfast support for crypto investing, Pompliano lost a chance to make big bucks on the first currencies he owned. He remembers buying his first crypto mining GPU computer back in 2016 to mine Ethereum	ceo, ethereum, crypto, capital, investing, pompliano
“I had no clue what crypto was,” he said. “There was a young kid who pitched me on the idea of buying this computer, plugging it in and it prints money	crypto, money
Sounds awesome, right? Who doesn’t want to buy a money printer?” It wasn’t that simple. He recalls mining about five ether per day, each worth around $10 at the time	money
“I was wondering if I was ever going to get my money back,” from the investment in the machine, he said. Then in early 2017, the price of ether crossed $100	money, investment, price
“That caught my attention,” he said. He sold almost all of his ether holdings when the price was around $150 or $200	price
“Ethereum ended up going to like $4,000 each, so not the smartest thing, in hindsight,” Pompliano smiled. But it convinced him to focus on crypto investing	ethereum, crypto, investing, pompliano
Even so, the first years at Morgan Creek Digital were wild, as crypto prices fluctuated. Pomp had faced more dangerous situations in his life –– when he was 20 he was deployed to the war in Iraq for 18 months –– yet admits he still had to learn “emotional control” about crypto volatility, Pompliano said	digital, crypto, pomp, pompliano
“I’m human just like everyone else and when the price goes up, you feel better about yourself. When it goes down, I wish it was going up,” he said	price
His wife Polina Pompliano remembers when he first started talking about Bitcoin, crypto “was not cool. It wasn’t in the mainstream.” “Then around 2017, Kevin O’Leary was on CNBC	crypto, polina, bitcoin, pompliano
Anthony went on. And Kevin O’Leary was like, you know how much of your cash position is in this and Anthony told them and then he was like, ‘I forbid this	cash
This is garbage,’” she recalled. But over the years, the two became friends “and Kevin’s position on bitcoin has obviously changed	bitcoin
He’s now a big proponent of the industry. So I think that it’s amazing to see how he truly bet his reputation on this one asset” and was vindicated, she said of her husband	industry, asset
Pompliano did TV appearances, wrote his newsletter and earned a rep for an even-keeled attitude even as darlings like FTX and BlockFi crashed. That cemented his reputation as a crypto guru	crypto, pompliano
People kept coming to him for advice. “I’ve done the work and had pretty high conviction on the asset class and the long-term viability” Pompliano said	work, asset, pompliano
“If you were to ask me where that comes from, it’s probably being exposed to extreme situations, like going to war. When you have that perspective it is pretty helpful.” Family man Board member Spellman said with Pompliano’s social media and business interests, you’d think that he was always running around	business, pompliano
Not so. Pompliano and Polina are raising two children so he follows strict routines around family time, too	polina, pompliano
One of the funniest things, Spellman said, is when Pomp comes to a business dinner. He’s often already eaten with his family, so he’ll show up, do his part, then be the first one to leave to get back to his family	business, pomp
“He’s very regimented,” Spellman said. That commitment goes both ways, his wife Polina says	polina
“He’s fiercely loyal to a fault. Of course, that can be exploited by some people	loyal
But he’s the person that I found people call when their company is in trouble at 2 a.m. and they know that he’ll answer,” she said	company
Despite all of it — his against-all-odds job at Facebook, near career crash, investment and media successes, the crypto winter — Pompliano’s reputation has been surprisingly free of controversy. Yes, people have taken issue with his unflagging belief — some would say promotion — of crypto (especially during the FTX fiasco)	crypto, facebook, investment, pompliano
But now that the U.S. has approved the first spot bitcoin ETFs, which has validated the asset and driven prices to record highs in 2024, Pomp may have earned an “I told you so.” That’s never been his style though, his brother Joe Pompliano says	pomp, asset, bitcoin, pompliano
“He gets along with anyone,” Joe said. “When you’re putting yourself out there, specifically with different things and taking a stance and putting opinions out there, it opens yourself up to criticism.” But even if Pompliano has a “terrible day” of facing down haters or problems, when he comes home, “you wouldn’t know it.” As Pomp himself puts it: “If you’re going to play the professional sport of investing, you better be maniacal about finding information, constantly questioning your own assumptions and learning	pomp, investing, pompliano
The only way you can do that is always being exposed to new ideas and people who think differently than you.” More TechCrunch Get the industry’s biggest tech news Explore all newsletters TechCrunch Daily News Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage. Startups Weekly Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly	tech, startups, techcrunch, industry
TechCrunch Fintech The latest Fintech news and analysis, delivered every Tuesday. TechCrunch Mobility TechCrunch Mobility is your destination for transportation news and insight	techcrunch
Email address (required) Subscribe By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice . Tags anthony pompliano , crypto , Exclusive , Startups , Venture , venture capital Fintech Validus, a Singapore-based digital SME lending platform, secures $50M debt financing to help enterprises in Indonesia Kate Park 7 hours ago Validus, a Singapore-based digital lending platform for small and medium businesses, has secured $50 million in debt financing from HSBC under the ASEAN Growth Fund strategy	digital, crypto, startups, fund, capital, pompliano
Validus will use the… Gadgets Apple may ditch those old familiar USB-A ports in the new Mac mini Anthony Ha 9 hours ago The Mac mini will be the next Apple device to say goodbye to USB-A, according to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. Apple customers have probably gotten used to seeing the familiar, rectangular… AI The case against AI art Anthony Ha 12 hours ago No matter who powerful generative AI becomes, writer Ted Chiang says it will never create true art	ai, apple
Chiang is one of the most admired science fiction authors writing today, best… Featured Article Palantir’s CTO, and 13th employee, has become a secret weapon for Valley defense tech startups Palantir CTO Shyam Sankar is determined to help Palantir become a driving force for defense tech startups. Margaux MacColl 14 hours ago AI ‘Emotion AI’ may be the next trend for business software, and that could be problematic Julie Bort 15 hours ago As businesses experiment with embedding AI everywhere, one area starting to gain more attention is Emotion AI	tech, business, ai, startups
Featured Article Why do so many home robots still suck? Home robots’ unfulfilled potential is neither because of lack of demand on the part of consumers nor lack of effort from manufacturers. Brian Heater 16 hours ago Startups From InstaDeep to Paystack: Here are Africa’s biggest startup exits and how much they raised Tage Kene-Okafor 17 hours ago As we continue to monitor the growth of Africa’s tech ecosystem, it’s essential to highlight and analyze the biggest disclosed acquisitions	tech, startups, startup
Fintech Bolt reportedly threatens legal action against Silverbear Capital Anthony Ha 1 day ago In the latest twist in Bolt’s aggressive fundraising efforts, the fintech company’s CEO appears to have made a veiled threat of legal action against Silverbear Capital, the investment bank whose… Social Bluesky tops app charts and sees ‘all-time-highs’ after Brazil bans X Anthony Ha 1 day ago A Brazilian court’s decision to ban X (formerly Twitter) seems to be benefiting its rivals, especially Bluesky. The microblogging platform announced late Friday that it was seeing “all-time-highs for activity”… Social Is OpenAI worth $100B? Cody Corrall 2 days ago OpenAI could reportedly increase its valuation to $100 billion	ceo, x, capital, company, twitter, billion, investment
Nvidia and Apple are apparently in talks to contribute to the company’s next fundraising round, and Thrive Capital would lead the… Robotics Amazon hires the founders of AI robotics startup Covariant Anthony Ha 2 days ago Amazon announced Friday evening that it has hired Covariant’s founders — Pieter Abbeel, Peter Chen, and Rocky Duan — along with “about a quarter” of the startup’s employees. It’s also… AI Grammy CEO says music industry also has AI concerns Dominic-Madori Davis 2 days ago The rise of AI has consumed the arts, just as it has Silicon Valley	ceo, ai, capital, company, industry, apple, startup
Everyone is pondering: Will AI replace me? Featured Article Before Midjourney, there was NightCafe — and it’s still kicking Learn about NightCafe’s origins, some of the challenges the platform faces, and where NighCafe will evolve from here. Kyle Wiggers 2 days ago AI AI brings a whole new dimension to the challenge of organizational transformation Ron Miller 2 days ago Organizations are people and people are messy, and you have to look beyond the tech to the end goal: implementing new software that could transform the business	tech, business, ai, midjourney
Startups Watch out for these 10 hot startups from South Korea Kate Park 2 days ago Most of the biggest South Korean tech startups intend to pursue public offerings in either South Korea or the United States as part of their exit strategy. Media & Entertainment Top court orders ban on Elon Musk’s X in Brazil Maxwell Zeff 2 days ago A top court in Brazil ordered an immediate, country-wide suspension of the X platform on Friday after a months-long legal battle with Elon Musk’s social media company over content moderation,… Venture Investors are already valuing OpenAI at over $100B on the secondaries market Rebecca Szkutak 2 days ago OpenAI is in talks to raise a new round of funding at an eye-popping $100 billion-plus valuation, sources told The Wall Street Journal this week	tech, x, funding, startups, company, billion
It turns out investors have… Government & Policy California’s legislature just passed AI bill SB 1047; here’s why some hope the governor won’t sign it Maxwell Zeff 2 days ago SB 1047 has drawn the ire of Silicon Valley players large and small, including venture capitalists, big tech trade groups, researchers and startup founders. Venture Carta’s ill-fated secondaries business finally found a buyer Julie Bort 2 days ago Stock-trading startup Public has acquired the brokerage accounts of Carta’s secondaries business, TechCrunch has confirmed	tech, business, ai, techcrunch, startup
Fintech Redfin is already trying to defend against a new flat-fee real estate startup Mary Ann Azevedo 2 days ago Redfin is responding to a new startup that is hoping to upend the way people search for and buy homes by offering a flat-fee service. On August 29, TechCrunch reported… Apps Apple stands by decision to terminate account belonging to WWDC student winner Sarah Perez 2 days ago Apple moved to terminate the Appstun developer account after multiple rejections of its app that Apple says violates its App Store guidelines	developer, techcrunch, apple, startup
Startups Airbnb and fashion app By Rotation partner for free destination wedding outfits Dominic-Madori Davis 3 days ago By Rotation has a partnership with Airbnb to let those who’ve booked an Airbnb receive a complimentary outfit rental. AI The org behind the dataset used to train Stable Diffusion claims it has removed CSAM Kyle Wiggers 3 days ago LAION, the German research org that created the data used to train Stable Diffusion, among other generative AI models, has released a new dataset that it claims has been “thoroughly… Security North Korean hackers exploited Chrome zero-day to steal crypto Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 3 days ago The North Korean hackers’ attack started by tricking a victim into visiting a web domain under the hackers’ control	research, crypto, ai, startups
Startups Fundraising is a lot easier when you have traction Anna Heim 3 days ago Some stories emerge and die in a matter of days. Others require us to stay tuned for more, and this week brought us several of these	startups
AI Google rolls out safeguards for more of its AI products ahead of the US presidential election Aisha Malik 3 days ago Google is gearing up for the upcoming U.S. presidential election by rolling out safeguards for more of its generative AI products	ai, google
Although the company already previously announced that it would… Apps Hello Wonder is building an AI-powered browser for kids Ivan Mehta 3 days ago Across the world, regulators have ramped up their efforts to try and increase the safety of kids on the internet. Major social networks are facing scrutiny, and as a countermeasure,… Gaming Former Riot Games employees leverage generative AI to power NPCs in new video game Lauren Forristal 3 days ago Jam & Tea Studios is the latest gaming startup implementing generative AI to transform the way players interact with non-playable characters (NPCs) in video games.  Traditionally, video game NPCs are… TechCrunch Disrupt 2024 Elle Family Office and Keebeck Wealth Management are coming to TechCrunch Disrupt 2024 TechCrunch Events 3 days ago Traditionally seen as private financial entities, family offices are key players in the supply of venture capital, using startup investments as a way to diversify their portfolios and engage with… TechCrunch Disrupt 2024 Be a volunteer at TechCrunch Disrupt 2024 TechCrunch Events 3 days ago TechCrunch Disrupt 2024 in San Francisco is just two months away, and we’re still looking for enthusiastic and driven volunteers to assist our events team	ai, capital, company, techcrunch, startup
Don’t miss this opportunity to… About TechCrunch Staff Contact Us Advertise Crunchboard Jobs Site Map Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Use Privacy Placeholder 1 Privacy Placeholder 2 Privacy Placeholder 3 Privacy Placeholder 4 Code of Conduct About Our Ads Trending Tech Topics OpenAI $100B SB 1047 Uber In South Korea Anthropic Elon Musk Tech Layoffs ChatGPT Facebook X YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Mastodon Threads © 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved	tech, chatgpt, x, techcrunch, youtube, facebook
Powered by WordPress VIP	wordpress
=======
From Facebook to the face of crypto: Inside Anthony Pompliano’s wild career | TechCrunch Login Search Startups Venture Apple Security AI Apps Events Startup Battlefield More Fintech Cloud Computing Layoffs Hardware Google Microsoft Transportation EVs Meta Instagram Amazon TikTok Newsletters Podcasts Partner Content Crunchboard Jobs Contact Us Search Featured Article From Facebook to the face of crypto: Inside Anthony Pompliano’s wild career When tech and bitcoin bite, he bites back, politely Christine Hall Mary Ann Azevedo 8:01 AM PDT • July 10, 2024 Comment Image Credits: Bryce Durbin Bang. Bang	tech, startups, career, career
In the winter of 2014, a 25-year-old Anthony Pompliano was reading a book on a plane that would change his life. The former army sergeant from North Carolina — who had turned 21 while serving in Iraq — was on his way to a job interview at Facebook for a product manager role	
Pompliano had founded two small tech startups after he left military service and sold the second, a track record that attracted the attention of recruiters at both Google and Facebook. But he had spent his life so far away from Silicon Valley that he had no idea what a product manager even was	tech, startups, idea
That didn’t stop him from pursuing the job. Instead, he read some product management blogs that were all mentioning the same book	
So he bought a copy. “On the flight to San Francisco, I literally read a book called ‘The Art of Project Management,’” he told TechCrunch	
“Then I went into the interview and tried to regurgitate everything that I had read in the book and not sound stupid. I was fortunate enough to get the job.” Ten years later, his level of fame in the tech industry is so wide that he’s known by a single-syllable name: Pomp	tech
It wasn’t a straightforward path. He earned his Valley street cred doing “growth hacking” for two years at that Facebook job; he then had a potentially near career-ending controversy with his next employer, Snapchat	career, snapchat, career
He bounced back to become an investor with an enviable track record, then gained fame as an unflagging advocate for bitcoin and crypto. Today, his businesses encompass multiple podcasts and newsletters, venture investment and research firms	enviable, businesses
Pompliano just announced his most recent venture: Professional Capital Management . It’s a company he created about two years ago to incubate startups and provide traditional asset management with some of the profits from those incubated companies	startups
Pompliano is upfront that this business idea is going to be difficult to pull off, and that’s one of the reasons he’s attracted to the idea. Any normal person, he said, would probably not sign up to do incubation and asset management at the same time	idea, upfront
But his story is of an unconventional rise to success and a reputation built on hard work, luck, respect and always taking his shots. The man behind the “bang bang” To know Pompliano is to know he’s a man of routine	
First, there is that catchphrase he uses at the start of each podcast, “Bang. Bang.” Pompliano laughs that he has “no clue” why he started saying it	
“I did it three or four times and then I didn’t do it, and the audience was like, ‘Hey, what happened?’ And I realized they almost became like an inside joke with the audience.” He also wears the same blue and gold striped tie whenever he makes a television appearance — and which he wore during both interviews with TechCrunch. Every day, he tweets on X the same, “Good morning	
Today is going to be a great day. Let’s get after it relentlessly.” And while that might sound cheesy, “Pomp is one of the hardest-working people I have ever known	
He just gets it done. I love the guy,” Mark Yusko, founder and managing director of Morgan Creek Capital Management, told TechCrunch	
Morgan Creek is a North Carolina-based hedge fund claiming more than $1.3 billion of assets under management. In addition to the newly formed Professional Capital Management business, Pompliano’s business interests span: The Pomp Podcast, which has over 530,000 subscribers on YouTube and has hosted names like venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, Ark Invest’s Cathie Wood and boxer-turned-investor Jake Paul	
The Pomp newsletter, which has over 260,000 subscribers and three tiers, from free to $10 per month or $500 a year. Pomp Investments, his family office for investments In addition he: Was a co-founder of early-stage investment firm Full Tilt Capital, which backed companies like Lyft, Reddit, Everlywell and Imperfect Produce, which sold to Morgan Creek in 2018	
Has over a million followers on Twitter, over 558,000 total YouTube subscribers, 135,000 followers on Instagram and is a frequent guest on financial TV shows like Fox Business and CNBC. Within the Professional Capital Management venture, Pompliano folded in his existing crypto hiring firm Inflection Points, which recruits, trains and employs people in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industry	
He also partners with founders in other ways. He sold one of his first incubations, Reflexivity Research, to DeFi Technologies earlier this year in February	
Founded with a young bitcoin investor, Will Clemente, who had gained social media fame by documenting his investment, it is a well-known provider of Bitcoin, crypto, DeFi and economic analysis. Earlier in 2024, he also co-founded the financial news and research newsletter and podcast, Opening Bell Daily, with former Business Insider reporter Phil Rosen	
With former TechCrunch reporter Jacquelyn Melinek, he launched Token Relations, a firm that helps blockchain and crypto projects form direct relationships with their communities, developers and token holders. His variety of business interests is deliberate	
One of the things he learned over the years is that “people who get complacent get disrupted.” That’s why he reminds himself on a daily basis to approach investing from a beginner’s mindset, because every time he thinks he’s got something figured out, the game changes, he said. “If you look through the evolution of the investing that I’ve done, or even the businesses that we’ve built, we’re constantly trying to iterate and evolve to make sure that we’re using the latest and greatest to be able to stay kind of ahead of everybody,” Pompliano said	disrupted, businesses
Anthony Pompliano in his classic blue suit and favorite on-camera tie during an appearance on CNBC. Image Credits: YouTube/CNBC (opens in a new window) Always the entrepreneur Pompliano was perhaps trained since childhood for business	
The oldest of five boys, his father is founder of the data and information technology services company Anexio and his parents always encouraged their children to be entrepreneurial. Pompliano and his brothers took that encouragement literally, and were always scheming up ways to make money	
“We’d find stuff around the house and say our parents don’t need this anymore and would go try to sell it,” he said. “Or a friend would be selling something, and we would buy it and try to flip it,” he remembers	
While Pompliano can be surprisingly modest when talking about his own abilities — and to this day says he’s not sure why Facebook hired him, setting him on this career path — during a 2017 episode of the Breaking into Startups podcast, he shared some insights. By that time, he’d already left Facebook and was in a rebound phase with his career	startups, career, career
In thinking over the 150 people he himself had interviewed for roles at Facebook, he’d learned that there were two attributes that were harbingers of success in tech: people who can adapt to new info thrown at them and still calmly make strong decisions. And people whose instincts were to work with others to solve problems	tech
Pompliano says the second attribute has become “a life principle. Nobody does anything by themselves	
It doesn’t mean that you need 100 people,” he told TechCrunch. “A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate	
Success in business is less about what you get out of it, and it’s more about what value do you deliver to somebody else — how do you solve their problem?” Those who know Pompliano say both of those traits are his superpowers. He is “uniquely articulate in his ability to communicate with people,” said Andrew Spellman, founder and managing partner at Fifth Down Capital	
Spellman invested in and is on the board of Inflection Points . He gave the example of how Pomp can always field questions that come at him, even on a TV spot when defending Bitcoin during the crypto winter	
“He takes what is, to many, including myself, a complicated asset class, or something that people don’t understand as well, and really simplifies it,” Spellman said, referring to crypto. “I find that to be a really, really unique skill set.” Clemente, who was 20 years old when they launched Reflexivity Research, describes how Pomp mentored him	
“He was on every sales call and whenever I needed him,” Clemente said. “He has this persona on Twitter of relentless energy	
He’s a workhorse, but in my experience, he is genuine.” “Nobody does anything by themselves … A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate.” Anthony Pompliano Facebook, Snapchat and Morgan Creek Morgan Creek’s Yusko jokingly told TechCrunch that he “discovered” Pompliano by hearing him talk on a podcast, a comment Pompliano didn’t dismiss. “That’s a fair characterization	snapchat
Mark is a pretty special guy in that he has now almost 30 years investing,” Pompliano said in response. “I credit Mark with a lot.” He was 27 then and at a crossroads	
During his time at Facebook, his cachet had risen internally until he landed a spot on a small team directly working on Mark Zuckerberg’s and Sheryl Sandberg’s social presence. “That’s a pretty incredible opportunity for a 25- or 26-year-old to get exposure in meetings with those two individuals to see how they operate,” Pompliano recalled	opportunity, exposure, presence
And then it looked like his tech career could have been over, just two years after it had begun. He had jumped from Facebook to Snapchat (now Snap) in 2015 to do growth hacking there and was terminated within three weeks, according to a lawsuit he filed against Snapchat at the start of 2017 	tech, career, snapchat, career
He alleged in the suit that Snapchat ended his job when he questioned Snapchat’s user numbers, a charge that the company has always denied. (It’s worth noting that in 2020, Snap entered into a $187.5 million settlement with shareholders over a lawsuit from them that made similar allegations.) Pompliano had to abandon the lawsuit when a judge ruled he was obligated to settle it in private arbitration	snapchat
After leaving Snapchat, Pompliano went to work at Brighten Labs, where he was also fired after a few months. He sued them in 2016 for wrongful termination and fraud	snapchat
Pompliano declined to comment on any of the litigation but this was a painful time in his life. He opted to get out of big tech and go back to his home state of North Carolina, far away from Silicon Valley	tech
“I wouldn’t have had the career, success or network had I not lived in Silicon Valley,” Pompliano said, looking back. “It’s a very special place, the heartbeat of innovation	career, career
But I also felt it was somewhat of an echo chamber, and I wanted to have relationships, connectivity and knowledge outside of it. I also enjoy living on the East Coast, and so I wanted to do that as well.” Instead of giving up, Pompliano got right back in the game	
Back in North Carolina, he and new business partner Jason Williams started Full Tilt Capital. They set out to raise a small fund of about $3.5 million to invest in early-stage companies	
They blasted through investments, at one point completing 22 deals in 90 days, Pomp told Business Insider in 2016. The pair had good enough instincts to pick a few winners, like finance-tracking app Brigit, medical testing company EverlyWell and location intelligence company Placer.ai	
Looking back now, he says, “We were fortunate enough to probably not know what we were doing. We didn’t have the battle scars.” But he admits, “I still don’t know if I know what I’m doing when it comes to investing, especially in the private markets.” Still, that early fund “really allowed me to realize I enjoyed investing” but also taught me that “I didn’t know how to build an investment firm,” he said	
Although he didn’t know it at the time, he was about to have another life-altering experience. “We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it	
After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero.” Mark Yusko In search of capital After hearing Pompliano talk as a guest on a podcast, Yusko began following him on Twitter and the two soon made plans to meet for breakfast. Their meeting turned into an all-day affair trading ideas	
And that’s when Morgan Creek Digital was born. Morgan Creek bought Full Tilt in the first quarter of 2018 and launched Morgan Creek Digital to focus on crypto/blockchain investing	
It was still a radical idea at the time, Yusko said. While Fred Ehrsam’s Paradigm was also founded around 2018, and Andreessen Horowitz launched its first $300 million crypto fund in 2018, as well, most traditional VCs had not caught up yet	idea
Full Tilt had hoped to raise $25 million for its second fund, which was to be dedicated to crypto, but once Morgan Creek absorbed it, their dreams skyrocketed. Now they envisioned a $1 billion fund	
Yusko introduced Pompliano to some potential investors. “I sent Pomp on a first meeting up in Washington, D.C	
and we got lucky with one good meeting,” Yusko said. That one good meeting was with three public pension funds, where two committed, Pompliano recalls	
However, one of the people with him humbled Pompliano a bit after the meeting, telling him that they had never seen that kind of quick funding in their career before, and Pompliano should not expect it, he said. That was a foreshadowing statement	career, career
Yusko explained that “in the first quarter of 2018, we were in a bear market, and everyone hates crypto in a bear market. We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it	
After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero. The University of Texas even laughed him out of the office.” Pompliano, Williams and Yusko ended up raising $40 million, which Yusko said was good for a first-time fund, especially for three people who had never worked together before	
Around that time, Yusko and Pompliano met the folks who run John Mauldin’s Strategic Investment Conference, and they convinced Pompliano to ditch a blog he was occasionally writing on Medium and get serious about a newsletter. The next week, he started a Substack called “ The Pomp Letter .” He also launched a podcast in August 2018	
Between 2018 and 2020, the fund was investing in Bitcoin and in companies like Liquid Death. Pompliano also helped Morgan Creek Digital raise a second fund of $90 million — he is still involved as a GP in both funds	
Then in 2021, Yusko recalls Pompliano getting a call from AngelList co-founder Naval Ravikant, who wanted Pompliano to work on a new rolling fund product AngelList was doing. So while Williams stayed at Morgan Creek Digital (and is still there), Pompliano left to work on the rolling fund at AngelList	
Pomp and Yusko still work together on the Morgan Creek funds and still talk every Monday. “He’s definitely one of my favorite people,” Yusko said	
Mark Yusko, founder and CEO of Morgan Creek Capital Management Image Credits: Bryce Durbin Crypto investing Ironically, for a guy known for his steadfast support for crypto investing, Pompliano lost a chance to make big bucks on the first currencies he owned. He remembers buying his first crypto mining GPU computer back in 2016 to mine Ethereum	
“I had no clue what crypto was,” he said. “There was a young kid who pitched me on the idea of buying this computer, plugging it in and it prints money	idea
Sounds awesome, right? Who doesn’t want to buy a money printer?” It wasn’t that simple. He recalls mining about five ether per day, each worth around $10 at the time	
“I was wondering if I was ever going to get my money back,” from the investment in the machine, he said. Then in early 2017, the price of ether crossed $100	
“That caught my attention,” he said. He sold almost all of his ether holdings when the price was around $150 or $200	
“Ethereum ended up going to like $4,000 each, so not the smartest thing, in hindsight,” Pompliano smiled. But it convinced him to focus on crypto investing	
Even so, the first years at Morgan Creek Digital were wild, as crypto prices fluctuated. Pomp had faced more dangerous situations in his life –– when he was 20 he was deployed to the war in Iraq for 18 months –– yet admits he still had to learn “emotional control” about crypto volatility, Pompliano said	
“I’m human just like everyone else and when the price goes up, you feel better about yourself. When it goes down, I wish it was going up,” he said	
His wife Polina Pompliano remembers when he first started talking about Bitcoin, crypto “was not cool. It wasn’t in the mainstream.” “Then around 2017, Kevin O’Leary was on CNBC	
Anthony went on. And Kevin O’Leary was like, you know how much of your cash position is in this and Anthony told them and then he was like, ‘I forbid this	
This is garbage,’” she recalled. But over the years, the two became friends “and Kevin’s position on bitcoin has obviously changed	
He’s now a big proponent of the industry. So I think that it’s amazing to see how he truly bet his reputation on this one asset” and was vindicated, she said of her husband	
Pompliano did TV appearances, wrote his newsletter and earned a rep for an even-keeled attitude even as darlings like FTX and BlockFi crashed. That cemented his reputation as a crypto guru	
People kept coming to him for advice. “I’ve done the work and had pretty high conviction on the asset class and the long-term viability” Pompliano said	
“If you were to ask me where that comes from, it’s probably being exposed to extreme situations, like going to war. When you have that perspective it is pretty helpful.” Family man Board member Spellman said with Pompliano’s social media and business interests, you’d think that he was always running around	
Not so. Pompliano and Polina are raising two children so he follows strict routines around family time, too	
One of the funniest things, Spellman said, is when Pomp comes to a business dinner. He’s often already eaten with his family, so he’ll show up, do his part, then be the first one to leave to get back to his family	
“He’s very regimented,” Spellman said. That commitment goes both ways, his wife Polina says	
“He’s fiercely loyal to a fault. Of course, that can be exploited by some people	
But he’s the person that I found people call when their company is in trouble at 2 a.m. and they know that he’ll answer,” she said	
Despite all of it — his against-all-odds job at Facebook, near career crash, investment and media successes, the crypto winter — Pompliano’s reputation has been surprisingly free of controversy. Yes, people have taken issue with his unflagging belief — some would say promotion — of crypto (especially during the FTX fiasco)	career, career
But now that the U.S. has approved the first spot bitcoin ETFs, which has validated the asset and driven prices to record highs in 2024, Pomp may have earned an “I told you so.” That’s never been his style though, his brother Joe Pompliano says	
“He gets along with anyone,” Joe said. “When you’re putting yourself out there, specifically with different things and taking a stance and putting opinions out there, it opens yourself up to criticism.” But even if Pompliano has a “terrible day” of facing down haters or problems, when he comes home, “you wouldn’t know it.” As Pomp himself puts it: “If you’re going to play the professional sport of investing, you better be maniacal about finding information, constantly questioning your own assumptions and learning	
The only way you can do that is always being exposed to new ideas and people who think differently than you.” More TechCrunch Get the industry’s biggest tech news Explore all newsletters TechCrunch Daily News Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage. Startups Weekly Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly	tech, startups
TechCrunch Fintech The latest Fintech news and analysis, delivered every Tuesday. TechCrunch Mobility TechCrunch Mobility is your destination for transportation news and insight	
Email address (required) Subscribe By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice . Tags anthony pompliano , crypto , Exclusive , Startups , Venture , venture capital Government & Policy Senate leaders ask FTC to investigate AI content summaries as anti-competitive Devin Coldewey 22 mins ago A group of Democratic senators is urging the FTC and Justice Department to investigate whether AI tools that summarize and regurgitate online content like news and recipes may amount to… Biotech & Health Neurode wants to treat and track ADHD symptoms through a wearable headband Rebecca Szkutak 2 hours ago Sydney-based Neurode has come up with a novel way to offer some relief to people with ADHD: a wearable headband that can track and treat ADHD symptoms	startups
And you only… Apps Bumble to leverage AI to help users with profile creation and conversations Lauren Forristal 2 hours ago Bumble is increasing its investments in AI and branching out with new features to stay relevant amid a generational shift in dating behavior among younger users. During Goldman Sachs’ annual technology… Apps The real power of Apple Intelligence will show up in third-party apps Sarah Perez 2 hours ago Apple Intelligence, the iPhone maker’s new set of AI capabilities arriving in iOS 18, is laying the groundwork for a new way to use apps. Today, the dated App Store… Space SpaceX calls out ‘superfluous’ regulatory delays holding up Starship flights Aria Alamalhodaei 2 hours ago SpaceX has launched its most public and aggressive offensive against regulators to date, with a blog post published Tuesday urging more expeditious launch licensing — lest the country lose its… Apps What is Bluesky? Everything to know about the app trying to replace Twitter Amanda Silberling Alyssa Stringer Cody Corrall 3 hours ago Is the grass greener on the other side? We’re not sure, but the sky is most certainly bluer	
It’s been almost two years since Elon Musk purchased Twitter, now X,… Hardware Apple Watch blood oxygen detection won’t be available on the Series 10 in the US Brian Heater 3 hours ago Apple has not discussed whether the feature’s removal was a hardware change on the Series 10 or if it was simply disabled via the software, like with the Series 9. Apps Drybaby is a dating app for the ‘sober curious’ movement Lauren Forristal 3 hours ago Drybaby is the newest dating app designed for singles who are sober or interested in reducing their alcohol consumption.  The app arrives as 41% of Americans are cutting back on… AI Google Gemini: Everything you need to know about the generative AI models Kyle Wiggers 4 hours ago Gemini is Google’s long-promised, next-gen generative AI model family	
Security London’s transit agency drops claim it has ‘no evidence’ of customer data theft after hack Zack Whittaker 4 hours ago The London transport authority removes a claim that said there was no evidence that customer data was compromised during a recent hack. Biotech & Health Here’s how the new AirPods Pro hearing test works Brian Heater 5 hours ago Hearing Test will be built into iOS 18, though Apple is currently awaiting FDA approval for both it and the newly announced hearing aid feature before launch	
Featured Article iPhone 16, Apple Intelligence, AirPods 4 and more: Everything revealed at Apple Event 2024 Apple’s lineup of announcements echoed many of the anticipated hardware reveals, including the new iPhone 16, AirPods 4, the Apple Watch Series 10 and more. Morgan Little 5 hours ago AI Apple punts on AI Devin Coldewey 5 hours ago One would have expected that “Apple’s first phone made from the ground up for Apple Intelligence” would justify being so	
Fintech Finally, a bunch of SMB-focused fintechs get investor love while M&A activity heats up Mary Ann Azevedo 6 hours ago Welcome to TechCrunch Fintech! It’s finally cooling down here in my home base of Austin, Texas, and that makes me happy. In this week’s newsletter, we’re looking at a big… Hardware Huawei’s $2,800 triple-screen phone laughs at your puny foldable Brian Heater 6 hours ago The Mate XT Ultimate Design costs roughly $2,800 and is only available in China for now	
Fintech French embedded insurance startup Neat secures $55 million Romain Dillet 7 hours ago Neat helps other companies sell insurance products to their own customers. In insurance lingo, it focuses on affinity insurance contracts linked to another service or product	
Transportation EV warranty startup Amber launches a remote diagnostic service for Teslas Sean O'Kane 7 hours ago EV warranty startup Amber is expanding nationwide, bringing on new vehicles and offering a new remote diagnostic scan — all signs that the one-year-old company is putting its recent $3.18… Space SpaceX launches Polaris Dawn, where astronauts will venture farther than any humans in more than 50 years Aria Alamalhodaei 7 hours ago A SpaceX Falcon 9 lifted off in the early hours of Tuesday morning carrying a crew that will attempt the first commercial spacewalk and travel higher than any crewed mission… Transportation Amazon trials last-mile deliveries by tram in Frankfurt Paul Sawers 7 hours ago Amazon has announced a new pilot package delivery service in Frankfurt, Germany, that meshes electric road and rail transport. The e-commerce giant will use vans from its delivery depot to… AI Apple partners with third parties, like Google, on iPhone 16’s visual search Sarah Perez 8 hours ago Apple’s relationship with Google as its search partner is taking a new turn with Apple’s introduction of visual search, or “Visual Intelligence,” as the iPhone maker dubbed it Monday during… Social Creator startup Spotter raises another $7.4M Amanda Silberling 8 hours ago Spotter, a startup that underwrites creators and offers AI tools, raised $7.4 million, according to a Form D filing viewed by TechCrunch	
A representative for Spotter confirmed the filing’s legitimacy,… Transportation Spare fixes cities’ outdated transport services for disabled residents Rebecca Bellan 9 hours ago Cities spend hundreds of millions each year on paratransit services, or public rides for disabled residents, yet those services remain limited and unpredictable. Wheelchair users often face late pickups, hindering… Transportation Lucid Motors’ Gravity SUV will have Tesla charging built in Sean O'Kane 9 hours ago Lucid Motors is just a few months away from finally launching its electric SUV, and the company now says the upcoming vehicle — dubbed Gravity — will have Tesla’s North… Enterprise MariaDB goes private with new CEO as K1 closes acquisition Paul Sawers 10 hours ago MariaDB‘s short-lived tenure as a public company is all but over, as the struggling database business is now fully under the auspices of K1 Investment Management	
MariaDB also announced a… Enterprise JFrog deepens its partnership with GitHub, launches runtime security service Frederic Lardinois 10 hours ago In addition, JFrog is launching a runtime security solution, as well as an integration with Nvidia’s NIM microservices. Venture Qualifyze swallows $54M to improve pharmaceutical supply chains Ingrid Lunden 10 hours ago In the world of pharmaceuticals, companies aim to operate under GMP guidelines — a set of production and manufacturing measures to assure standards for medicinal products	
But too often, the… Enterprise StackGen raises $12.3M for its infrastructure-from-code service Frederic Lardinois 10 hours ago In addition to the code, StackGen also visualizes what the new infrastructure will look like, and users can drag and drop additional resources in this interfaces as needed. Space Inversion Space accelerates orbital reentry vehicle tech with $71M Space Force contract Aria Alamalhodaei 10 hours ago Goods are shipped around the world via roads, rail, and air	tech
Why not space, too? That’s the question posed by Inversion Space, a Los Angeles-based startup that’s developing a reentry… Climate Hardware companies dominate a list of promising climate tech startups Tim De Chant 11 hours ago A new report from Congruent Ventures and SVB highlights startups that could significantly reduce carbon emissions, mitigating climate change. Fundraising Smartcat secures $43M for its AI-powered translation platform Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago Smartcat, founded in 2016, is among the vendors providing automated translation tools geared toward enterprises, and its co-founder and CEO, Ivan Smolnikov, says business is good	tech, startups
About TechCrunch Staff Contact Us Advertise Crunchboard Jobs Site Map Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Use Privacy Placeholder 1 Privacy Placeholder 2 Privacy Placeholder 3 Privacy Placeholder 4 Code of Conduct About Our Ads Trending Tech Topics Apple iPhone 16 Event iPhone 16 AirPods 4 Siri WhatsApp Tech Layoffs ChatGPT Facebook X YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Mastodon Threads © 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved	tech
Powered by WordPress VIP	
>>>>>>> 9fb88dcdc147288034ccc7b99f7db2b99e09a4fe:contribution_datasets/anthony pompliano/anthony_content_with_keywords.txt
