1    Content         Topic
2    Long-time crypto bull Anthony Pompliano is offering his forecast on Bitcoin ( BTC ) as the flagship crypto asset trades in a range.     Crypto     Bitcoin
3    In a CNBC interview, Pompliano says Bitcoin has been trading sideways over the past couple of months due to reduced activity over the summer.     Bitcoin
4    Well, I think it’s just sideways summer, you know. People kind of saw this huge run-up after the Bitcoin ETF (exchange-traded fund) got approved earlier this year. A lot of capital flew into that, both retail and some institutional.     Bitcoin
5    And when the summer hit, people I think kind of just went away.     General Information
6    Bitcoin is trading at $59,308 at time of writing.     Bitcoin
7    Pompliano also says that if history repeats, a bullish phase for Bitcoin could start over the coming weeks.     Bitcoin
8    I do think that if you look at the historical kind of bull run cycles, kind of end of Q3 into Q4 is when things start to pick up. And you will start to see you know kind of the asset price rise from there.     General Information
9    Turning to other crypto assets, Pompliano says that the underperformance of Ethereum ( ETH ) relative to Bitcoin and Solana ( SOL ) could be attributed to the lack of a single defining characteristic.     Crypto     Solana     Ethereum     Bitcoin
10    I think that with Ethereum people are still trying to figure out what is it and should I have it in my portfolio or not. If you look at the [spot Ethereum] ETF launch kind of had a big first week or so, but you don’t hear it talked about nearly as much as you hear people talking about Bitcoin.     Ethereum     Bitcoin
11    And so some people think it’s a world computer, some people think of it as ultrasound money, some people think of it as, you know, name your other narrative. But I think that the lack of a clean story means that interest is waning to some degree.     General Information
12    And if you go back and you look at its financial performance, you know it’s been at $2,400 give or take for quite a while now. So while Bitcoin, Solana [and] others are up considerably during that time frame, Ethereum is essentially flat.     Solana     Ethereum     Bitcoin
13    Ethereum is trading at $2,529 at time of writing.     Ethereum
14    Bitcoin and Solana are up 102% and 478%, respectively, from it August 2023 open while Ethereum has appreciated by 35% over the same period.     Solana     Ethereum     Bitcoin
15    Inflation has been the story of the decade so far. We went from sub-2% in early 2020 to over 9% by the summer of 2022. Today, one of economists favorite metrics sits at just under 3%.     General Information
16    This roller coater ride has had a significant impact on asset prices and investor psychology. On one hand, investors who have been allocated to the stock market continue to see their portfolio value increase as indexes push higher. The classic adage time in the market is more important than timing the market stands for a reason.     Investor     Stock Market     Market
17    The S&P 500 is up 85% over the last 5 years. Russell 2000 has appreciated 42% and the Nasdaq 100 is up 141% during the same time period. Investors simply had to invest in indexes and chill. Monetary and fiscal policy did the rest for them  — inflation took off, the dollar was devalued, and asset prices went up.     Investor
18    As stocks went higher, investors gained more confidence that higher prices were just around the corner. Add in the fact that existing capital in the market was also gaining value and you can see how we arrive at the new all-time high of stock allocation as a percent of financial assets.     Investor     Market
19    Wall Street Journals Gunjan Banerji writes yesterday:     General Information
20    The surging stock market has minted millionaires and helped send many Americans’ net worth sharply higher. As of the second quarter, the number of 401(k) retirement accounts at Fidelity Investments worth at least $1 million reached around 497,000, according to the firm. That is up 31% from a year ago and a record high. U.S. households’ stock allocations have steadily inched up this year, according to JPMorgan estimates, and recently accounted for around 42% of their total financial assets. That is the most on record in data going back to 1952.     Stock Market     Market
21    There is a debate raging due to this data — are investors merely riding the trend that will continue for the foreseeable future or are investors over-confident and a market correction is just around the corner?     Investor     Market
22    The short answer is no one knows, but I think the framework for evaluating the situation is wrong. Only short-term oriented investors should be concerned about the week-to-week or month-to-month oscillations in the stock market.     Investor     Stock Market     Market
23    Majority of investors should simply have a long-term orientation. They can be oblivious to price movements and merely continue dollar cost averaging into their preferred index. Given enough time, the stock market will continue going higher and is essentially guaranteed to be at new all-time highs.     Investor     Stock Market     Market
24    The United States debt requires dollar devaluation, which in turn pushes all assets denominated in dollars to be worth more in dollar terms.     General Information
25    So the only people in the market who should be worried about short-term price movements are older folks who have less time to benefit from. Anyone under the age of 50 years old has at least a decade, and probably longer, to weather potential market downturns.     Market
26    The beauty of ignoring short-term predictions is that an investor is exposed to the market if prices go up and they are continuing to dollar cost average if the market goes down. If the market is up, your portfolio is worth more. If the market is down, you are buying more assets at cheaper valuations.     Investor     Market
27    Regardless of the scenario, being long the US stock market over decades is a cheat code — the US stock market is the greatest millionaire minting machine ever created.     Stock Market     Market
28    You just have to be able to allocate capital, stomach volatility, and stay focused on the long-term. And based on the latest data, it looks like more Americans are deciding to go long stocks. We’ll see what they do if there is turbulence in the coming months.     General Information
29    The crypto industry is complex. It requires an individual to understand technology, business, economics, law, and politics. Each of these concepts are tough to tackle by themselves, let alone under the context of a global, decentralized, digital world.     Business     Law     Crypto
30    Fortunately, we have the internet. There is a seemingly unlimited amount of information available at our finger tips. These sources of information range from professional media outlets to meme-filled subreddits — if you are interested in something, there are people somewhere willing to talk about it.     General Information
31    Unfortunately, there is also a lot of inaccurate information as well. Whether it is a company’s financial performance, the behind the scenes actions of a leadership team, or even quantifiable metrics surrounding the performance of a piece of technology. We all see numbers, unverified reports, and inside information flying around the internet.     General Information
32    My hypothesis is that a material percentage of the information we consume in crypto is fake news. Sometimes these inaccuracies are labeled as FUD (fear, uncertainty, doubt) and other times they rapidly spread as fact. In order to better understand the nuances of this phenomenon, I designed an experiment.     Fake News     Crypto
33    What would happen if I intentionally created a tweet that was inaccurate and presented it as fact?     General Information
34    It took me a few days to think of the proper tweet for an experiment like this. I wanted to make sure the inaccuracy (1) wasn’t harmful to anyone, (2) would be believable by majority of people, and (3) was related to something in crypto that people cared about. It was honestly harder to design than I originally thought.     Crypto
35    Eventually I settled on a tweet describing the probability of winning the lottery vs owning Bitcoin.     Bitcoin
36    The tweet is easy to read, related to recent news (MegaMillions lottery) and appeals to the emotion of cryptocurrency enthusiasts across the world. At the same time, the tweet includes inaccurate statistics and compares a game of luck to a purchase decision.     Crypto     Cryptocurrency
37    I had a feeling that this tweet would go viral. It was the perfect mixture of fact and fiction, mixed with bullish sentiment. To ensure maximum effect, I tweeted it on a Friday night around 10p EST (one of the highest engagement times on Twitter).     General Information
38    Within minutes of tweeting the experiment, the engagement and subsequent virality was obvious. Within the first 10 hours, I was able to reach 88,000 people with a tweet that was mathematically proven to be inaccurate.     General Information
39    The good news is that not everyone was fooled by the tweet. Numerous people called out the inaccurate math or the irrational comparison. At the same time, plenty of people were fooled — almost 400 people retweeted the information without catching the issues. The implications are quite scary when you think about it.     General Information
40    This brings me to the my point: Crypto has a high propensity for fake news. The concepts are complex, the information is often hard to corroborate, and most inside information is user-generated content on Twitter, Telegram, Reddit, etc.     Fake News     Crypto
41    We must remain vigilant. Decisions are being made by lawyers, regulators, law enforcement, and entrepreneurs based on the information they consume from the community. If we aren’t careful, we may end up shooting ourselves in the foot.     Law
42    Remember the golden rule of crypto: Don’t trust, verify.     Crypto
43    SIDE NOTE: This was a one-time experiment. I don’t plan to make this a regular thing so don’t worry about future tweets being part of an experiment :) I have also deleted the original tweet to ensure the inaccuracies don’t continue to spread.     General Information
44    Some of the crypto-focused information sources I have found to be most accurate are CoinDesk , The Block , and Messari . If you’re interested in staying on top of the industry, while avoiding the fake news, you should give them a follow.     Fake News     Crypto
45    If you enjoyed this post, please clap 50X in the bottom left corner so it will be shared with more people. You can always tweet me your thoughts as well.     General Information
46    Bang. Bang. In the winter of 2014, a 25-year-old Anthony Pompliano was reading a book on a plane that would change his life.     General Information
47    The former army sergeant from North Carolina — who had turned 21 while serving in Iraq — was on his way to a job interview at Facebook for a product manager role. Pompliano had founded two small tech startups after he left military service and sold the second, a track record that attracted the attention of recruiters at both Google and Facebook. But he had spent his life so far away from Silicon Valley that he had no idea what a product manager even was.     General Information
48    That didn’t stop him from pursuing the job. Instead, he read some product management blogs that were all mentioning the same book. So he bought a copy. On the flight to San Francisco, I literally read a book called ‘The Art of Project Management,’ he told TechCrunch. Then I went into the interview and tried to regurgitate everything that I had read in the book and not sound stupid. I was fortunate enough to get the job.     Project Management
49    Ten years later, his level of fame in the tech industry is so wide that he’s known by a single-syllable name: Pomp.     General Information
50    It wasn’t a straightforward path. He earned his Valley street cred doing growth hacking for two years at that Facebook job; he then had a potentially near career-ending controversy with his next employer, Snapchat. He bounced back to become an investor with an enviable track record, then gained fame as an unflagging advocate for bitcoin and crypto. Today, his businesses encompass multiple podcasts and newsletters, venture investment and research firms.     Business     Career     Investor     Bitcoin     Crypto
51    Pompliano just announced his most recent venture: Professional Capital Management . It’s a company he created about two years ago to incubate startups and provide traditional asset management with some of the profits from those incubated companies. Pompliano is upfront that this business idea is going to be difficult to pull off, and that’s one of the reasons he’s attracted to the idea. Any normal person, he said, would probably not sign up to do incubation and asset management at the same time.     Business
52    But his story is of an unconventional rise to success and a reputation built on hard work, luck, respect and always taking his shots.     General Information
53    To know Pompliano is to know he’s a man of routine. First, there is that catchphrase he uses at the start of each podcast, Bang. Bang.     General Information
54    Pompliano laughs that he has no clue why he started saying it. I did it three or four times and then I didn’t do it, and the audience was like, ‘Hey, what happened?’ And I realized they almost became like an inside joke with the audience.     General Information
55    He also wears the same blue and gold striped tie whenever he makes a television appearance — and which he wore during both interviews with TechCrunch. Every day, he tweets on X the same, Good morning. Today is going to be a great day. Let’s get after it relentlessly.     General Information
56    And while that might sound cheesy, Pomp is one of the hardest-working people I have ever known. He just gets it done. I love the guy, Mark Yusko, founder and managing director of Morgan Creek Capital Management, told TechCrunch. Morgan Creek is a North Carolina-based hedge fund claiming more than $1.3 billion of assets under management.     General Information
57    In addition to the newly formed Professional Capital Management business, Pompliano’s business interests span:     Business
58    In addition he:     General Information
59    Within the Professional Capital Management venture, Pompliano folded in his existing crypto hiring firm Inflection Points, which recruits, trains and employs people in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industry.     Cryptocurrency     Crypto     Bitcoin
60    He also partners with founders in other ways. He sold one of his first incubations, Reflexivity Research, to DeFi Technologies earlier this year in February. Founded with a young bitcoin investor, Will Clemente, who had gained social media fame by documenting his investment, it is a well-known provider of Bitcoin, crypto, DeFi and economic analysis.     Investor     Crypto     Social Media     Bitcoin
61    Earlier in 2024, he also co-founded the financial news and research newsletter and podcast, Opening Bell Daily, with former Business Insider reporter Phil Rosen. With former TechCrunch reporter Jacquelyn Melinek, he launched Token Relations, a firm that helps blockchain and crypto projects form direct relationships with their communities, developers and token holders.     Business     Crypto
62    His variety of business interests is deliberate. One of the things he learned over the years is that people who get complacent get disrupted. That’s why he reminds himself on a daily basis to approach investing from a beginner’s mindset, because every time he thinks he’s got something figured out, the game changes, he said.     Business
63    If you look through the evolution of the investing that I’ve done, or even the businesses that we’ve built, we’re constantly trying to iterate and evolve to make sure that we’re using the latest and greatest to be able to stay kind of ahead of everybody, Pompliano said.     Business
64    Pompliano was perhaps trained since childhood for business. The oldest of five boys, his father is founder of the data and information technology services company Anexio and his parents always encouraged their children to be entrepreneurial. Pompliano and his brothers took that encouragement literally, and were always scheming up ways to make money.     Business
65    We’d find stuff around the house and say our parents don’t need this anymore and would go try to sell it, he said. Or a friend would be selling something, and we would buy it and try to flip it, he remembers.     General Information
66    While Pompliano can be surprisingly modest when talking about his own abilities — and to this day says he’s not sure why Facebook hired him, setting him on this career path — during a 2017 episode of the Breaking into Startups podcast, he shared some insights. By that time, he’d already left Facebook and was in a rebound phase with his career.     Career
67    In thinking over the 150 people he himself had interviewed for roles at Facebook, he’d learned that there were two attributes that were harbingers of success in tech: people who can adapt to new info thrown at them and still calmly make strong decisions. And people whose instincts were to work with others to solve problems.     General Information
68    Pompliano says the second attribute has become a life principle. Nobody does anything by themselves. It doesn’t mean that you need 100 people, he told TechCrunch. A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate. Success in business is less about what you get out of it, and it’s more about what value do you deliver to somebody else — how do you solve their problem?     Business
69    Those who know Pompliano say both of those traits are his superpowers.     General Information
70    He is uniquely articulate in his ability to communicate with people, said Andrew Spellman, founder and managing partner at Fifth Down Capital. Spellman invested in and is on the board of Inflection Points . He gave the example of how Pomp can always field questions that come at him, even on a TV spot when defending Bitcoin during the crypto winter.     Crypto     Bitcoin
71    He takes what is, to many, including myself, a complicated asset class, or something that people don’t understand as well, and really simplifies it, Spellman said, referring to crypto. I find that to be a really, really unique skill set.     Crypto
72    Clemente, who was 20 years old when they launched Reflexivity Research, describes how Pomp mentored him.     General Information
73    He was on every sales call and whenever I needed him, Clemente said. He has this persona on Twitter of relentless energy. He’s a workhorse, but in my experience, he is genuine.     General Information
74    Nobody does anything by themselves … A lot of life is about getting along with other people, being likable, being able to collaborate.     General Information
75    Morgan Creek’s Yusko jokingly told TechCrunch that he discovered Pompliano by hearing him talk on a podcast, a comment Pompliano didn’t dismiss.     General Information
76    That’s a fair characterization. Mark is a pretty special guy in that he has now almost 30 years investing, Pompliano said in response. I credit Mark with a lot.     General Information
77    He was 27 then and at a crossroads. During his time at Facebook, his cachet had risen internally until he landed a spot on a small team directly working on Mark Zuckerberg’s and Sheryl Sandberg’s social presence.     General Information
78    That’s a pretty incredible opportunity for a 25- or 26-year-old to get exposure in meetings with those two individuals to see how they operate, Pompliano recalled.     General Information
79    And then it looked like his tech career could have been over, just two years after it had begun.     Career
80    He had jumped from Facebook to Snapchat (now Snap) in 2015 to do growth hacking there and was terminated within three weeks, according to a lawsuit he filed against Snapchat at the start of 2017 . He alleged in the suit that Snapchat ended his job when he questioned Snapchat’s user numbers, a charge that the company has always denied. (It’s worth noting that in 2020, Snap entered into a $187.5 million settlement with shareholders over a lawsuit from them that made similar allegations.) Pompliano had to abandon the lawsuit when a judge ruled he was obligated to settle it in private arbitration.     Law
81    After leaving Snapchat, Pompliano went to work at Brighten Labs, where he was also fired after a few months. He sued them in 2016 for wrongful termination and fraud.     General Information
82    Pompliano declined to comment on any of the litigation but this was a painful time in his life. He opted to get out of big tech and go back to his home state of North Carolina, far away from Silicon Valley.     General Information
83    I wouldn’t have had the career, success or network had I not lived in Silicon Valley, Pompliano said, looking back. It’s a very special place, the heartbeat of innovation. But I also felt it was somewhat of an echo chamber, and I wanted to have relationships, connectivity and knowledge outside of it. I also enjoy living on the East Coast, and so I wanted to do that as well.     Career
84    Instead of giving up, Pompliano got right back in the game. Back in North Carolina, he and new business partner Jason Williams started Full Tilt Capital. They set out to raise a small fund of about $3.5 million to invest in early-stage companies.     Business
85    They blasted through investments, at one point completing 22 deals in 90 days, Pomp told Business Insider in 2016. The pair had good enough instincts to pick a few winners, like finance-tracking app Brigit, medical testing company EverlyWell and location intelligence company Placer.ai.     Business
86    Looking back now, he says, We were fortunate enough to probably not know what we were doing. We didn’t have the battle scars.     General Information
87    But he admits, I still don’t know if I know what I’m doing when it comes to investing, especially in the private markets.     Market
88    Still, that early fund really allowed me to realize I enjoyed investing but also taught me that I didn’t know how to build an investment firm, he said.     General Information
89    Although he didn’t know it at the time, he was about to have another life-altering experience.     General Information
90    We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it. After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero.     General Information
91    After hearing Pompliano talk as a guest on a podcast, Yusko began following him on Twitter and the two soon made plans to meet for breakfast. Their meeting turned into an all-day affair trading ideas. And that’s when Morgan Creek Digital was born. Morgan Creek bought Full Tilt in the first quarter of 2018 and launched Morgan Creek Digital to focus on crypto/blockchain investing.     Crypto
92    It was still a radical idea at the time, Yusko said. While Fred Ehrsam’s Paradigm was also founded around 2018, and Andreessen Horowitz launched its first $300 million crypto fund in 2018, as well, most traditional VCs had not caught up yet.     Crypto
93    Full Tilt had hoped to raise $25 million for its second fund, which was to be dedicated to crypto, but once Morgan Creek absorbed it, their dreams skyrocketed. Now they envisioned a $1 billion fund. Yusko introduced Pompliano to some potential investors.     Investor     Crypto
94    I sent Pomp on a first meeting up in Washington, D.C. and we got lucky with one good meeting, Yusko said. That one good meeting was with three public pension funds, where two committed, Pompliano recalls. However, one of the people with him humbled Pompliano a bit after the meeting, telling him that they had never seen that kind of quick funding in their career before, and Pompliano should not expect it, he said.     Career
95    That was a foreshadowing statement. Yusko explained that in the first quarter of 2018, we were in a bear market, and everyone hates crypto in a bear market. We were going to raise $1 billion, but realized we weren’t going to raise it. After that one good meeting, the next 35 meetings were all zero. The University of Texas even laughed him out of the office.     Crypto     Market
96    Pompliano, Williams and Yusko ended up raising $40 million, which Yusko said was good for a first-time fund, especially for three people who had never worked together before.     General Information
97    Around that time, Yusko and Pompliano met the folks who run John Mauldin’s Strategic Investment Conference, and they convinced Pompliano to ditch a blog he was occasionally writing on Medium and get serious about a newsletter.     General Information
98    The next week, he started a Substack called  The Pomp Letter . He also launched a podcast in August 2018.     General Information
99    Between 2018 and 2020, the fund was investing in Bitcoin and in companies like Liquid Death. Pompliano also helped Morgan Creek Digital raise a second fund of $90 million — he is still involved as a GP in both funds.     Bitcoin
100    Then in 2021, Yusko recalls Pompliano getting a call from AngelList co-founder Naval Ravikant, who wanted Pompliano to work on a new rolling fund product AngelList was doing.     General Information
101    So while Williams stayed at Morgan Creek Digital (and is still there), Pompliano left to work on the rolling fund at AngelList. Pomp and Yusko still work together on the Morgan Creek funds and still talk every Monday.     General Information
102    He’s definitely one of my favorite people, Yusko said.     General Information
103    Ironically, for a guy known for his steadfast support for crypto investing, Pompliano lost a chance to make big bucks on the first currencies he owned.     Crypto
104    He remembers buying his first crypto mining GPU computer back in 2016 to mine Ethereum.     Crypto     Ethereum
105    I had no clue what crypto was, he said. There was a young kid who pitched me on the idea of buying this computer, plugging it in and it prints money. Sounds awesome, right? Who doesn’t want to buy a money printer?     Crypto
106    It wasn’t that simple. He recalls mining about five ether per day, each worth around $10 at the time. I was wondering if I was ever going to get my money back, from the investment in the machine, he said.     General Information
107    Then in early 2017, the price of ether crossed $100. That caught my attention, he said. He sold almost all of his ether holdings when the price was around $150 or $200.     General Information
108    Ethereum ended up going to like $4,000 each, so not the smartest thing, in hindsight, Pompliano smiled.     Ethereum
109    But it convinced him to focus on crypto investing. Even so, the first years at Morgan Creek Digital were wild, as crypto prices fluctuated. Pomp had faced more dangerous situations in his life –– when he was 20 he was deployed to the war in Iraq for 18 months –– yet admits he still had to learn emotional control about crypto volatility, Pompliano said.     Crypto
110    I’m human just like everyone else and when the price goes up, you feel better about yourself. When it goes down, I wish it was going up, he said.     General Information
111    His wife Polina Pompliano remembers when he first started talking about Bitcoin, crypto was not cool. It wasn’t in the mainstream.     Crypto     Bitcoin
112    Then around 2017, Kevin O’Leary was on CNBC. Anthony went on. And Kevin O’Leary was like, you know how much of your cash position is in this and Anthony told them and then he was like, ‘I forbid this. This is garbage,’ she recalled.     General Information
113    But over the years, the two became friends and Kevin’s position on bitcoin has obviously changed. He’s now a big proponent of the industry. So I think that it’s amazing to see how he truly bet his reputation on this one asset and was vindicated, she said of her husband.     Bitcoin
114    Pompliano did TV appearances, wrote his newsletter and earned a rep for an even-keeled attitude even as darlings like FTX and BlockFi crashed. That cemented his reputation as a crypto guru. People kept coming to him for advice.     Crypto
115    I’ve done the work and had pretty high conviction on the asset class and the long-term viability Pompliano said. If you were to ask me where that comes from, it’s probably being exposed to extreme situations, like going to war. When you have that perspective it is pretty helpful.     General Information
116    Board member Spellman said with Pompliano’s social media and business interests, you’d think that he was always running around. Not so. Pompliano and Polina are raising two children so he follows strict routines around family time, too. One of the funniest things, Spellman said, is when Pomp comes to a business dinner. He’s often already eaten with his family, so he’ll show up, do his part, then be the first one to leave to get back to his family.     Business     Social Media
117    He’s very regimented, Spellman said.     General Information
118    That commitment goes both ways, his wife Polina says. He’s fiercely loyal to a fault. Of course, that can be exploited by some people. But he’s the person that I found people call when their company is in trouble at 2 a.m. and they know that he’ll answer, she said.     General Information
119    Despite all of it — his against-all-odds job at Facebook, near career crash, investment and media successes, the crypto winter — Pompliano’s reputation has been surprisingly free of controversy.     Crypto     Career
120    Yes, people have taken issue with his unflagging belief — some would say promotion — of crypto (especially during the FTX fiasco).     Crypto
121    But now that the U.S. has approved the first spot bitcoin ETFs, which has validated the asset and driven prices to record highs in 2024, Pomp may have earned an I told you so.     Bitcoin
122    That’s never been his style though, his brother Joe Pompliano says.     General Information
123    He gets along with anyone, Joe said. When you’re putting yourself out there, specifically with different things and taking a stance and putting opinions out there, it opens yourself up to criticism.     General Information
124    But even if Pompliano has a terrible day of facing down haters or problems, when he comes home, you wouldn’t know it.     General Information
125    As Pomp himself puts it: If you’re going to play the professional sport of investing, you better be maniacal about finding information, constantly questioning your own assumptions and learning. The only way you can do that is always being exposed to new ideas and people who think differently than you.     General Information
126    Pomp Investments founder and long-time Bitcoin bull Anthony Pompliano, is predicting that Bitcoin ( BTC ) will start breaking out once the summer concludes.     Bitcoin
127    In a new interview on CNBC Squawk Box, Pompliano says that based on historical precedent, Bitcoin will likely enter an uptrend as soon as September once market participants become more engaged.     Market     Bitcoin
128    The only thing we need as a catalyst for Bitcoin is time. One of these interesting things about if you go and look through all these different cycles, the summer’s just slow. People are doing stuff. People are traveling. You know, they’re not sitting in front of their computer watching the chart. And so when we get into September and beyond, I think that’s just enough to get the price going back up.     Bitcoin
129    The analyst also says that the percentage of Bitcoin being held for the long term will probably dip to around 50% as price soars and earlier BTC holders decide to distribute their coins.     Bitcoin
130    At the start of this year, the amount of Bitcoin that had not moved in over a year was over 70%, so very high. Now, as the price has risen, some of that has started to get distributed, which is what you would expect in a bull market…     Market     Bitcoin
131    My expectation is, as we get further into the bull market, that number will come back down towards 50%-55% but still, at least half of the Bitcoin probably is being held by people who have a 10-plus year time horizon.     Market     Bitcoin
132    Bitcoin is trading for $57,903 at time of writing, down nearly 4% in the last seven days.     Bitcoin
133    Anthony Pompliano, a prominent crypto market expert, has recently shifted his focus from Ethereum to Solana. In a CNBC interview, he revealed that he sold all his Ethereum holdings last year to buy Solana. Although he doesn’t consider himself a Solana maximalist, the crypto market expert provided a flurry of compelling reasons behind the shift in his focus.     Crypto     Solana     Ethereum     Market
134    Anthony Pompliano emphasized that he will continue holding Bitcoin, but he sees Solana as a leading altcoin worth maintaining a position in. He highlighted that Solana is cheaper and faster compared to Ethereum. Besides, he believes that Solana is likely going to receive more flows due to its efficiency and lower transaction costs.     Solana     Ethereum     Bitcoin
135    Meanwhile, he pointed out that decentralized exchange (DEX) volumes show Solana is capturing market share from Ethereum. This shift indicates Solana’s growing influence in the crypto market. With a smaller market cap than Ethereum, the expert expressed optimism about Solana’s potential for significant momentum and growth.     Crypto     Solana     Ethereum     Market
136    In addition, Pompliano’s analysis during his CNBC interview suggests that Solana’s lower costs and faster transaction speeds make it an attractive option for investors looking for alternatives to Ethereum. His strategic move reflects confidence in Solana’s ability to outperform Ethereum due to its scalability and growing user base.     Investor     Solana     Ethereum
137    During his CNBC appearance, Anthony Pompliano also shared his views on Ethereum ETFs. He noted that while Bitcoin ETFs have garnered massive inflows and media attention, the same excitement hasn’t been seen for Ethereum ETFs.     Ethereum     Bitcoin
138    According to the expert, the narrative around Ethereum isn’t as clear-cut as Bitcoin’s digital gold story. He sees Ethereum as a technology platform facing stiff competition. Besides, he believes Ethereum ETFs will likely be used for diversification from Bitcoin ETFs.     Ethereum     Bitcoin
139    He predicts a 70/30 split in favor of Bitcoin, as investors seek to hold more than one asset. However, he has concerns about the staking process, which won’t be available to ETF investors. Staking is one of Ethereum’s most appealing features, and its absence in ETFs could limit inflows compared to Bitcoin.     Investor     Ethereum     Bitcoin
140    Despite these concerns, the expert thinks the approval of Spot Ethereum ETFs signals a broader acceptance of cryptocurrencies on Wall Street. He believes more regulatory clarity is needed, but eventually, many altcoins will enter the mainstream financial markets.     Crypto     Ethereum     Market
141    Anthony Pompliano’s decision to sell all his Ethereum holdings and invest in Solana underscores his belief in Solana’s superior performance prospects. He sees Solana as a more attractive investment due to its lower price, faster transaction speeds, and potential for higher inflows.     Solana     Ethereum
142    However, during writing, SOL price was down 2% to $176.9, with its trading volume declining 21% to $3.02 billion. On the other hand, Ethereum price traded in the green but stayed near the flatline at $3,460, with a 9% increase in its trading volume from yesterday.     Ethereum
143    American entrepreneur and Bitcoin bull Anthony Pompliano has again affirmed his bullish sentiment towards the flagship crypto.     Crypto     Bitcoin
144    This time, he advised investors on what they should be doing during this BTC dip and suggested that there was no need to be concerned despite Bitcoin’s recent underperformance.     Investor     Bitcoin
145    In an interview with FOX Business, Pompliano mentioned that Bitcoin dips are buying opportunities and that every great investor who knows what they have understands they should buy more when prices move against them.     Investor     Business     Bitcoin
146    He further claimed that anyone questioning whether or not they should be buying more during this BTC dip may actually not know what they own, alluding to Bitcoin’s potential.     Bitcoin
147    Pompliano made these statements while noting that retail and institutional investors are beginning to realize that Bitcoin is a resilient asset that will be worth more in the next five to ten years than it is now.     Investor     Bitcoin
148    The American entrepreneur also explained how BTC has matured compared to previous market cycles while still achieving impressive growth.     Market
149    He stated that Bitcoin experienced several 30% and 25% price corrections in the 2017 and 2021 bull runs.     Bitcoin
150    However, things have improved in this market cycle, with the flagship crypto only experiencing price drawdowns of about 15%. He claimed that this shows that BTC’S volatility is dampening.     Crypto     Market
151    Meanwhile, he also noted that BTC has the Spot Bitcoin ETFs in this market cycle, which was lacking in the previous bull runs.     Market     Bitcoin
152    He believes these funds will be a major catalyst for Bitcoin’s run heading toward year-end. Pompliano predicts that Bitcoin can hit a new all-time high (ATH) before the end of 2024.     Bitcoin
153    However, he warned that BTC may no longer appreciate as high or as fast as it used to, now that institutions are invested in the flagship crypto through the Spot Bitcoin ETFs.     Crypto     Bitcoin
154    He again remarked that this is because the entrance of these institutional investors has dampened Bitcoin’s volatility.     Investor     Bitcoin
155    Pompliano also gave his thoughts on the Spot Ethereum ETFs and when they could begin trading. He stated that these funds will likely start trading sometime this summer.     Ethereum
156    He added that they could begin trading sooner rather than later based on rumors that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is close to approving these funds.     General Information
157    He believes that Ethereum has a problem that BTC doesn’t and suggests that this could negatively impact the amount of inflows that the Spot Ethereum ETFS attracts.     Ethereum
158    According to Pompliano, Bitcoin has a single narrative as it is known as a ‘store of value’, which he believes has been enough to convince investors to invest in the flagship crypto.     Investor     Crypto     Bitcoin
159    On the other hand, he said that Ethereum has many narratives, which creates a confusing story for the second-largest crypto token by market cap.     Crypto     Ethereum     Market
160    He noted that this could be a big problem for the Spot Ethereum ETFs since institutional investors could easily be confused by what Ethereum is about and opt against investing in these funds.     Investor     Ethereum
161    Bitcoin is witnessing a resurgence, approaching historical highs from a few years ago. Anthony Pompliano, founder of Pomp Investments, discussed the current state of Bitcoin in a recent interview, highlighting key factors contributing to its bullish momentum.     Bitcoin
162    In a recent CNBC interview on 5th March, Anthony Pompliano reflected on Bitcoin’s recent performance, likening it to a rocket ship. He emphasized the transformative impact of Bitcoin’s Exchange-Traded Fund approvals and notable institutional investments, such as BlackRock’s $11 billion allocation to the ETF.     Bitcoin
163    Pompliano noted that Bitcoin experienced significant inflows, with an astounding 12 times more demand, attributing this surge to a newfound mainstream acceptance.     Bitcoin
164    Anthony Pompliano stated, It started slow, but then it has been a rocket ship. If you look at the last 60 days and the next 60 days, the ETF approvals were a huge deal. BlackRock with $11 billion in the ETF. They have added $1 billion in the last day. These are massive inflows for one fund. There are 11 of them. Massive money coming in. 12 times more demand.     General Information
165    Pompliano went on to share insights into Bitcoin’s potential future trajectory. Drawing references from similar record-breaking moments, Pompliano highlighted Bitcoin’s historical tendency to double in price within 18 days or less after surpassing an all-time high.     Bitcoin
166    Pompliano expressed optimism about Bitcoin’s upward trajectory with the impending halving and increased mainstream adoption.     Bitcoin
167    Anthony Pompliano noted, Once you break through the all-time high, what is this worth? The world is figuring out that. In 18 days or less, it doubled in price. You add in the halving, and we go from 900 per day to 450.     General Information
168    While Pompliano remains bullish on Bitcoin, he emphasized the importance of responsible investment practices. Acknowledging Bitcoin’s rapid surge suddenly since 2021, Pompliano warned against excessive risk-taking and urged investors, especially those new to the space, to exercise caution and prudence.     Investor     Bitcoin
169    Pompliano highlighted three main buyer categories influencing Bitcoin’s market dynamics – pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, and ETF opportunities.     Market     Bitcoin
170    He underscored the potential impact of institutional participation, citing instances of pension funds experiencing substantial returns on Bitcoin exposure. Additionally, Pompliano noted the slow and steady rise in interest of sovereign wealth funds.     Bitcoin
171    Anthony Pompliano explained , The CIOs there are up 12X on the exposure to Bitcoin in that fund. There are four funds last year in all of state public pension funds fully funded. If they all put 1% in Bitcoin, there is a strong possibility a number of the funds would get back to fully funded status in the next 15 to 20 years.     Bitcoin
172    Discussing the relationship between Bitcoin and traditional safe-haven assets, Pompliano addressed the correlation with gold. He attributed recent strength in both Bitcoin and gold to concerns about inflation and the rapid growth of global debt.     Bitcoin
173    Anthony Pompliano said, If you believe the dollar is debased, Bitcoin is a winner.     Bitcoin
174    Pompliano touched upon Bitcoin’s current market capitalization, surpassing $1.35 trillion and outperforming the bond market. He focused on Bitcoin’s potential to exceed gold’s market cap and expressed a bullish outlook based on its perceived superiority.     Market     Bitcoin
175    He further remarked, Today, Bitcoin at $1.35 trillion is higher than the bond market. It will go past gold eventually. Bitcoin is a 10X improvement on gold.     Market     Bitcoin