content	keywords
"So what we saw in March was that during the liquidity crisis, equities were down 30%, Bitcoins were up 50% in a day, gold was down 12% to 15% and bonds were falling.
As soon as the government stepped in with the quantitative easing and juicing the markets, everything kind of immediately turned back and went up aggressively. So now, you have got stocks at all-time highs; you have got gold up 20-25%; you have Bitcoin up about 70% on the year"	Crypto, General
"I think we have just flooded the market with cheap capital and of course asset prices are going to rise from there. So, you have a complete dislocation between the economic reality and the asset prices in the market today
How should investors navigate these times? In your point of view, what is the best strategy?
The key things to understand are one – patience is always really valuable in these situations"	General
Sometimes the best thing to do is to do nothing. If you panicked during the liquidity crisis and you sold equities during that 30% drop, you basically missed out on the recovery and got shaken out of the market	General
"Now at the same time, people need to understand structurally what is occurring here. Around the world, trillions of dollars are being injected into these economies and as we know from history, that is going to weaken the currencies.
No compatible source was found for this media.
There is the likelihood that we are going to see inflation but you are also hearing rhetoric from a lot of people in the Federal Reserve today who are saying maybe we need to overshoot the 2% inflation target, maybe we should not do anything until we hit 2.5% or higher in those official CPI metrics.
When that occurs, a) the bottom 40% of people and the population in the socioeconomic ladder experience higher levels of inflation"	Ethereum, General
"So, they may be experiencing something upwards of 8% to 10% inflation and when that occurs, then b)your currency is going to get devalued and that means asset prices are going to continue to drop over a long period of time.
I think that people just have to understand that structure and realise that holding a bunch of cash is actually going to have your wealth stolen from you because you really lose purchasing power and instead you should actually be investing in assets. The way the system is structured is it rewards investors and punishes savers"	Ethereum, General
"That is what we are seeing starting to play out here and it is likely to get more aggressive in the coming months and years.
The FAANG stocks have definitely taken leadership in the US market. Tech stocks like Airbnb are planning IPOs"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"What do you make of this overall tech move?
What you are starting to see is that companies have stayed private much longer and that was because tons of venture capital was available in the private markets. But what you have seen over the last couple of weeks and even a couple of months is that whenever you get these raging bull markets, companies want to race to get to the public markets and there is inflated valuations.
They can basically go out and get capital in their balance sheet"	General
What is interesting with Airbnb is that the company actually got hit pretty hard by the pandemic. We were just not travelling	Anthony Pompliano
But they are still going to try to get out into the public markets because it is so compelling to do that given the environment right now. So, you are seeing a lot of these companies do that, whether it is through traditional IPOs, SPACs or direct listings	Ethereum, General
"If the markets are going to give these inflated valuations, of course there is a financial incentive for people to get to the public markets and that is what we are seeing them try to do.
We have also seen quite a bull move in Bitcoin as well, the acceptability of which is improving. While things are not quite clear and approvals are not entirely in place, would you bet on this?
Any time that you have got an asset that has scarce supply, people are going to be interested because as we know if the supply is capped and demand increases, of course the price goes up"	Crypto, General
"The technology itself is just superior to other things in the market. There is no other digital decentralised currency that can be used anywhere in the world in the way that Bitcoin can be used and people are very interested in that.
Lastly, comes the macro environment, the inflation that I talked about"	Crypto, General
"People forgot that gold went down 30% over the summer of 2008 during that liquidity crisis and then once the government stepped in with quantitative easing it went up over 200% in US dollar value and ended up hitting an all time high in 2011.
So not only do the Federal Reserve have 2008-2009 playbook at the top of their head, but investors also remember that and so when you see this kind of economic chaos, the government steps in and everyone immediately thinks asset prices are going to pump and they start running for inflation hedge assets. That is why you see gold up 20-25%"	Anthony Pompliano
"What you are really watching is investors fear of inflation is almost more important than the actual inflation itself ever occurring. They are going to look for those inflation hedge assets.
""Bitcoin is riskier and therefore you get paid for that risk in terms of the potential returns"	Crypto
"Gold is more conservative and even though you are going to get a lower return than you will on Bitcoin, it is still going to do well""— Anthony Pompliano
Bitcoin has got a very small market cap compared to gold and other assets and so of course it is going to be more volatile and I think we are seeing that play out.
What are your views on gold? How are you viewing the rally now that even Buffett is joining the party and buying gold mining stocks?
I think that the thesis for gold has remained the same which is essentially that anytime that there is a lot of quantitative easing, people are going to seek out sound money principles and so both gold and Bitcoin have that sound money principles.
Where gold and Bitcoin investors kind of diverge in thought process is how to allocate to those applications of sound money principles. Like gold investors would say, gold has been around for 5,000 plus years"	Crypto, General
It is very conservative in terms of risk and so you are going to get a return. It is up 20-25% more than stocks this year	Anthony Pompliano
"But what you are not going to get is the explosive growth that something like Bitcoin can provide.
Bitcoin is riskier and therefore you get paid for that risk in terms of the potential returns. Gold is more conservative and even though you are going to get a lower return than you will on Bitcoin, it is still going to do well because the macro environment just simply incentivises people to go protect their wealth and so whether it is gold or gold stocks, there is a lot of people looking around saying I need to somehow get inflation hedge and gold is the place that you will find a lot of capital flow into.
ET Now: What would you advise all the self learning investors, the budding new traders who are emerging during the lockdown?
Anthony Pompliano: People that are successful in life generally are intellectually curious and they want to improve and that improvement can be in anything from how to get better at finance and investing to perfecting a physical skill to a whole bunch of different things, But ultimately what it comes down to is that intellectual curiosity and discipline to invest in yourself and there is the financial investments you can make, but ultimately those investments are going to pay off the greatest dividends.
Right now, a lot of people are sitting at home during the quarantine period and they have access to the internet and they can use a plethora of different platforms and services to not one only educate themselves but actually come out with new skills"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"Some of those skills will be tangentially related to what they already did and maybe make them better at the job that they were already doing.
Some will empower people to transition from one job to another. The thing that people should be paying attention to is if you want to improve, if you have that intellectual curiosity everything is available on the internet and right now provides a great opportunity to go spend the time to do it so hopefully people take advantage of it.
You talked about how of course we have been seeing this gush of liquidity"	General
"But when it comes to emerging markets (EMs) versus developed markets (DMs), how is this really going to play out?
I do not want to comment too much on the difference there but what I will say is we know two things for sure. One is that innovation leads to returns and in fast growing developing markets, there tends to be a lot of innovation and it is innovation that drives returns"	General
"The second thing is that most investors realise the benefits of investing behind demographics and so it is pretty easy to see these macros trends playing out. When you look at the demographics, there are many emerging markets around the world which have very compelling demographic growth.
Take a country like Nigeria"	General
It is going to be one of the most populous places in the world and they will continue to grow at a very fast clip and have a young population for a long period of time. India obviously has a massive market and a young population	General
There is a lot of internet penetration going on and so you are basically onboarding an entire generation of a population in a country. That is going to lead to a lot of value creation and also value capture for the companies	Anthony Pompliano
"Emerging markets are an obvious place for people to look in terms of innovation and internet value capture.
How do you see the quality of recovery play out globally?
Somebody would argue that the recovery has already happened. It structured all time highs, all these assets have gone up"	General
My personal perspective is that there is a big dislocation between the stock prices and therefore economic realities on the ground. In the United States, 50 plus million people lost their jobs, there is still 10% plus unemployment	Anthony Pompliano
"There are millions of businesses that will go out of business. There is probably another stimulus package on the way.
It is very obvious that the economic reality on the ground is still carnage"	Anthony Pompliano
A lot of people are being hurt very badly. Because there has been so much liquidity pumped into the market, that has led to the asset prices increasing	General
The real question people should be asking is not just one where asset prices recover because that pretty much has already happened. It is when the economic reality will improve and that is a much harder question to answer	Anthony Pompliano
"You cannot just kind of decimate the small business landscape for example and hope that all those businesses will come back immediately.
In the United States, between 15% and 25% small businesses are going go out of business through this period and it is going to end up being a pretty horrific scene. But America and other places around the world are incredibly resilient"	Anthony Pompliano
"The entrepreneurs are some of the best problem solvers and we are just giving them resources to get out of the crisis and the entrepreneurs will bring back all these economies faster than we can hope.


