Content	Keywords
Pompliano Says AI Hype Diverts Focus from Bitcoin Home Bitcoin Ethereum Altcoin DeFi Market News NFT Blockchain AI Exclusive Reading: Pompliano Says AI Hype Diverts Focus from Bitcoin Font Resizer Aa All Bitcoin Ethereum Altcoin DeFi Market News NFT Blockchain AI Exclusive Search Home Bitcoin Ethereum Altcoin DeFi Market News NFT Blockchain AI Exclusive Follow US © 2024 By Crypto Times. All Rights Reserved	bitcoin, blockchain, defi, crypto, crypto
The Crypto Times > Bitcoin News > Pompliano Says AI Hype Diverts Focus from Bitcoin Bitcoin News Pompliano Says AI Hype Diverts Focus from Bitcoin Written By: Brian Mutembei Reviewed By: Iyiola Adrian Last updated: June 25, 2024 5:00 PM Published June 25, 2024 3:02 AM Last updated: June 25, 2024 5:00 PM Published June 25, 2024 3:02 AM SHARE In a recent interview on CNBC’s Squawk Box, Bitcoin, and Artificial Intelligence expert Anthony Pompliano pointed out that investors have shifted their attention from Bitcoin to AI, causing the recent price drop in Bitcoin. Pompliano emphasized Bitcoin’s impressive performance over the past year, noting a 100% increase, and advised against reacting to daily price fluctuations, advocating for a long-term investment strategy	bitcoin, crypto, crypto, interview, price, investment
Bitcoin is currently trading at $59,701.22, down 6.07% in the last 24 hours, presenting a potential buying opportunity, according to Pompliano. BTC/USD 24-hour price chart : Coinmarketcap ) Pompliano also believes that AI and blockchain technology are complementary to each other, suggesting that the option of investing in Bitcoin will inevitably attract more attention as AI expands	bitcoin, blockchain, investing, price
According to him, this trend may result in the restoration of the Bitcoin price increase and the improvement of the U.S economy due to AI productivity. Some of the other prominent personalities hold a similar opinion like Pompliano as well	bitcoin, price
Another popular stock market expert, Robert Kiyosaki also stated that he wants to buy more bitcoins during lows. The latest drop in the price of Bitcoin can partially be explained by the fact that some investors transfer their funds to the development of AI technologies	bitcoin, price
Pompliano noted that there is interest and investment when it comes to the application of AI in automation and wealth creation and this has for a while shifted focus from bitcoins  commodities. Although the technology is mixed with AI, Pompliano is certain that Bitcoin will remain an important application in the future financial system	bitcoin, investment
Also read: Bitcoin Plunges Below $61K Amid Massive Liquidations Follow The Crypto Times on Google News to Stay Updated! TAGGED: Artificial Intelligence (AI) Bitcoin By Brian Mutembei Brian is a content writer& Blockchain enthusiast. Writes extensively on blockchain, cryptocurrency, and tokens to spread knowledge and awareness	bitcoin, cryptocurrency, blockchain, crypto, crypto
By Iyiola Adrian Iyiola is an experienced crypto writer specializing in simplifying complex blockchain and cryptocurrency topics for a broad audience. With expertise in ICOs, DeFi, NFTs, and regulatory updates, he offers valuable insights to help readers make informed decisions	cryptocurrency, blockchain, defi, crypto, crypto
He is proficient in SEO optimization. Latest News Musk X Empire: Sept 14 Daily Combo, Riddle, and Rebus Hamster Kombat September 14: Daily Combo Card and Cipher Code What is Social Engineering Attack that North Koreans Hackers Deploy SEC Expands Binance Lawsuit to Add New Tokens as Securities Follow US Facebook X-twitter Instagram Telegram Linkedin Subscribe to our newsletter to get our newest articles instantly! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: Recommended News MicroStrategy Buys 18,300 BTC for 1 Billion Dollars September 13, 2024 7:42 PM Can Bitcoin Hit $100K By the End of 2024? September 13, 2024 4:51 PM Predicting the Future of Bitcoin in Sports Betting September 13, 2024 2:35 PM Bitcoin Breaks $57,000 Barrier, Experts Urge Caution September 10, 2024 6:29 PM Your window into the world of Crypto, DeFi, and Web3	bitcoin, defi, web3, crypto, crypto
Stay ahead of the curve with authentic news, sharp analysis, and exclusive in-sight reports only on The Crypto Times. Crypto News Bitcoin News Ethereum News Altcoin News DeFi News Market News NFT News Blockchain News AI News Market With Us Editorial Press Release Write for us Company About Us Contact Us Career Editorial Policy Find Us on Socials Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Telegram © 2024 Protocols And Tokens Pvt	bitcoin, blockchain, defi, crypto, company, crypto
Ltd. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Privacy Policy We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website	
Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful	
Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences	
This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings	
Bitcoin Price Will Likely Go Much Higher At a Faster Pace: Predicts Anthony Pompliano As BTC Price Hit ATH Menu Advertise Posts Events Professionals Companies Posts View All Events View All Professionals View All Companies View All Login Log In to View Notifications. Log in to access your notifications and stay updated	bitcoin, companies, price
If you’re not a member yet, Sign Up to get started! 200% Bonus Portfolio Home News Information Research Report Press Release Guest Post Sponsored Cryptocurrency regulation Markets Live Market Price Analysis Cryptocurrency Price Prediction Launchpad Airdrops Product Reviews Centralised Exchanges Decentralised Exchanges Cryptocurrency Wallets Crypto Tracking Tools Earning sites Academy Beginners Guide Traders Guide Blockchain Developers Checklist Contest Find Companies Partners Events Professionals Contact Submit Guest Post Submit Query Submit PR Advertise Random Article Track your Portfolio 200% Bonus Home / News / Bitcoin Price Will Likely Go Much Higher At a Faster Pace: Predicts Anthony Pompliano As BTC Price Hit ATH News Qadir AK Qadir AK Author Qadir Ak is the founder of Coinpedia. He has over a decade of experience writing about technology and has been covering the blockchain and cryptocurrency space since 2010	bitcoin, cryptocurrency, blockchain, crypto, research, companies, crypto, price
He has also interviewed a few prominent experts within the cryptocurrency space. Mar 5, 2024 22:00 UTC [article_wishlist article_id="275653" article_link="https://coinpedia.org/news/bitcoin-price-will-likely-go-much-higher-at-a-faster-pace-predicts-anthony-pompliano-as-btc-price-hit-ath/"] Bitcoin Price Will Likely Go Much Higher At a Faster Pace: Predicts Anthony Pompliano As BTC Price Hit ATH Bitcoin is witnessing a resurgence, approaching historical highs from a few years ago	bitcoin, cryptocurrency, price
Anthony Pompliano, founder of Pomp Investments, discussed the current state of Bitcoin in a recent interview, highlighting key factors contributing to its bullish momentum. Anthony Pompliano’s Perspective on Bitcoin Rally In a recent CNBC interview on 5th March, Anthony Pompliano reflected on Bitcoin’s recent performance, likening it to a “rocket ship.” He emphasized the transformative impact of Bitcoin’s Exchange-Traded Fund approvals and notable institutional investments, such as BlackRock’s $11 billion allocation to the ETF	bitcoin, fund, interview
Pompliano noted that Bitcoin experienced significant inflows, with an astounding 12 times more demand, attributing this surge to a newfound mainstream acceptance. Anthony Pompliano stated, “It started slow, but then it has been a rocket ship	bitcoin
If you look at the last 60 days and the next 60 days, the ETF approvals were a huge deal. BlackRock with $11 billion in the ETF	
They have added $1 billion in the last day. These are massive inflows for one fund	fund
There are 11 of them. Massive money coming in	money
12 times more demand.” Projections for Bitcoin’s Future Pompliano went on to share insights into Bitcoin’s potential future trajectory. Drawing references from similar record-breaking moments, Pompliano highlighted Bitcoin’s historical tendency to double in price within 18 days or less after surpassing an all-time high	bitcoin, price
Pompliano expressed optimism about Bitcoin’s upward trajectory with the impending halving and increased mainstream adoption. Anthony Pompliano noted, “Once you break through the all-time high, what is this worth? The world is figuring out that	bitcoin
In 18 days or less, it doubled in price. You add in the halving, and we go from 900 per day to 450.” While Pompliano remains bullish on Bitcoin, he emphasized the importance of responsible investment practices	bitcoin, price, investment
Acknowledging Bitcoin’s rapid surge suddenly since 2021, Pompliano warned against excessive risk-taking and urged investors, especially those new to the space, to exercise caution and prudence. Institutional Involvement and Global Impact Pompliano highlighted three main buyer categories influencing Bitcoin’s market dynamics – pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, and ETF opportunities	bitcoin
He underscored the potential impact of institutional participation, citing instances of pension funds experiencing substantial returns on Bitcoin exposure. Additionally, Pompliano noted the slow and steady rise in interest of sovereign wealth funds	bitcoin
Anthony Pompliano explained , “The CIOs there are up 12X on the exposure to Bitcoin in that fund. There are four funds last year in all of state public pension funds fully funded	bitcoin, fund
If they all put 1% in Bitcoin, there is a strong possibility a number of the funds would get back to fully funded status in the next 15 to 20 years.” Bitcoin vs. Gold: Unraveling Market Dynamics Discussing the relationship between Bitcoin and traditional safe-haven assets, Pompliano addressed the correlation with gold	bitcoin
He attributed recent strength in both Bitcoin and gold to concerns about inflation and the rapid growth of global debt. Anthony Pompliano said, “If you believe the dollar is debased, Bitcoin is a winner.” Pompliano touched upon Bitcoin’s current market capitalization, surpassing $1.35 trillion and outperforming the bond market	bitcoin
He focused on Bitcoin’s potential to exceed gold’s market cap and expressed a bullish outlook based on its perceived superiority. He further remarked, “Today, Bitcoin at $1.35 trillion is higher than the bond market	bitcoin
It will go past gold eventually. Bitcoin is a 10X improvement on gold.” Tags Bitcoin Price Analysis Show More Follow us for inspiring posts and stories Share Facebook X LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Reddit We'd Love to Hear Your Thoughts on This Article! Was this writing helpful? Yes No Tell us why! Not complete details Difficult to understand Other Close Submit Related Articles US Bitcoin ETFs Boom with $263M Inflows as Bitcoin Soars 12% Above $60K: Will This Sustain? September 15, 2024 XRP Price Prediction: Bulls Set to Retest $0.86, with $1 Target in Sight as Positive Catalysts Build September 15, 2024 Crypto News Today (September 15, 2024): Bitcoin & Altcoins Stagnate Ahead of a Crucial Week? September 15, 2024 XRP Beat Major Cryptos with 4% Price Surge, Will It Hit $0.73? September 15, 2024 Ad × Watch Now Click To Subscribe Subscribe Ad × News US Bitcoin ETFs Boom with $263M Inflows as Bitcoin Soars 12% Above $60K: Will This Sustain? ﻿Anjali Belgaumkar Sep 15, 2024 XRP Price Prediction: Bulls Set to Retest $0.86, with $1 Target in Sight as Positive Catalysts Build ﻿Anjali Belgaumkar Sep 15, 2024 Crypto News Today (September 15, 2024): Bitcoin & Altcoins Stagnate Ahead of a Crucial Week? Qadir AK Sep 15, 2024 XRP Beat Major Cryptos with 4% Price Surge, Will It Hit $0.73? Zameer Attar Sep 15, 2024 Ethereum Option Traders Big Bet, $3,000 Target on Radar Zameer Attar Sep 15, 2024 SUNDOG Price Rally Imminent? Whale Buys Millions of Tokens Zameer Attar Sep 14, 2024 View all News Contact us For Press Release Advertise with Us! Explore our Products Market Explore all top coins Portfolio Track all your Assets Events Igniting Industry Events Companies Know more about all Price Predictions Get updates for the future Professionals Learn from Experts Check Also Close Price Analysis Will Grayscale’s XRP Trust Push The Ripple (XRP) Price Toward $1? September 15, 2024 Cp-Organization Coinpedia - Trusted Crypto Agency for News, Information, Exchange, PR, Blockchain Events, Crypto Wallet and Else related to Decentralized World	bitcoin, blockchain, wallet, crypto, companies, wallet, crypto, price
Follow Us © Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved  | Coinpedia About Us Advertise Partners Authors Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Editorial Policy Feedback × Back to top button Close Login / Create account Select a Country × No related data found for - " ". News Live News Market Academy Portfolio	
