Content	Keywords
Pompliano: 'Bitcoin is Gold with Wings’ – Will It Surge? Blockchain Blockchain Patents Bitcoin News Cryptocurrency Altcoins Blockchain and Crypto 101 Contact Bitcoin a “Gold with Wings,” Says Anthony Pompliano – Could This Digital Gold Soar Higher? ABOUT WRITE FOR CNB CONTACT US Blockchain Blockchain Patents Bitcoin News Cryptocurrency Altcoins Blockchain and Crypto 101 Contact Home Cryptocurrency Bitcoin a “Gold with Wings,” Says Anthony Pompliano – Could This Digital Gold Soar Higher? Cryptocurrency Bitcoin a “Gold with Wings,” Says Anthony Pompliano – Could This Digital Gold Soar Higher? John Nnamani August 30, 2024 0 Table of Contents Toggle Gold with Wings: What Could Push Bitcoin Out of Its Current Range? The Role of Political Leadership in the Bitcoin’s Future Bitcoin is “Gold with Wings,”? The Impact of ETFs and Government Sales Conclusion: What the Future Holds if Bitcoin is “Gold with Wings.” Bitcoin is “Gold with Wings,” says Anthony Pompliano, highlighting Bitcoin’s unique potential compared to gold. Pompliano cites three factors for Bitcoin’s potential rise: time, a Fed rate cut, and political changes	blockchain, pompliano, bitcoin, cryptocurrency, crypto
He believes that Bitcoin ETFs and institutional investments could boost Bitcoin’s market growth. Pompliano views Bitcoin as a more dynamic alternative to gold, with significant long-term growth potential	pompliano, bitcoin
Anthony Pompliano, founder and CEO of Professional Capital Management, recently weighed in on the future of Bitcoin. Pompliano said that Bitcoin is “gold with wings,” emphasizing the unique characteristics that differentiate it from traditional assets like gold	pompliano, bitcoin
Despite Bitcoin’s four-day losing streak, Pompliano is optimistic, outlining several factors that could push Bitcoin higher. Gold with Wings: What Could Push Bitcoin Out of Its Current Range? Image from Investopedia Pompliano identified three factors that could push Bitcoin out of its current trading range, which he noted has roughly stayed between $50,000 and $70,000 for several months	pompliano, bitcoin
So, he explained , “I think there’s three main things that will break us out.” First, he pointed to the element of time. “People are away for the summer, and we kind of go sideways historically over the summer when people come back	
They sit in front of their computers and they start buying assets, and so I think that Bitcoin will be a beneficiary of that action.” Next, Pompliano noted the potential impact of a Federal Reserve interest rate cut . “The second thing is a Fed cut as cheap capital comes into the market	pompliano, bitcoin
You should see some of that capital flowing into risk assets like Bitcoin,” he said. So, the anticipation of more accessible capital could lead to an influx of investments in Bitcoin, pushing its price upward	bitcoin
The third factor Pompliano mentioned was the possibility of political changes, specifically the re-election of former President Trump. “I do think that if former President Trump is re-elected 	pompliano
There’s a lot of folks who are kind of looking at him as the pro-Bitcoin or pro-crypto candidate, and I would expect Bitcoin to rally on his re-election as well,” he stated. Thus, this political shift could create a favorable environment for Bitcoin, encouraging more investments and driving the price higher	bitcoin, crypto
The Role of Political Leadership in the Bitcoin’s Future Image from Defi Planet The upcoming presidential election has turned cryptocurrency , particularly Bitcoin, into a major issue. When asked what could change his view if Vice President Harris were to announce her candidacy	bitcoin, cryptocurrency, defi
Pompliano was clear that actions, not words, would matter most. “I don’t think anyone in the Bitcoin and crypto industry cares about words at this point,” he said	pompliano, bitcoin, crypto
“If you’re sitting vice president, then you can do action, right? And I think that’s really what people are looking for.” Furthermore, Pompliano explained that the most powerful move Vice President Harris could make would be to take actions that support the cryptocurrency industry. So, he advised, “The advantage that Vice President Harris has is she can not just talk; she can act	pompliano, cryptocurrency
If she was able to take one or two different actions that showed she was becoming more sympathetic and kind of pro-Bitcoin, pro-crypto, I think it would help her election campaign.” Pompliano also reflected on former President Trump’s past interactions with the Bitcoin community. “One of the things that I don’t think people have given enough credit for to former President Trump is he held a meeting with Bitcoin miners 	pompliano, bitcoin, crypto
” This, he said, was a good gesture towards the industry, even if it was tied to a fundraiser. So, he contrasted this with Vice President Harris’s decision not to attend a recent meeting of crypto executives and Democratic congressmen and senators , saying, “Part of action could just be showing up and listening.” Bitcoin is “Gold with Wings,”? Image from Freepik When asked why people should invest in Bitcoin, Pompliano provided a simple but powerful argument	pompliano, bitcoin, crypto
“I usually just ask them, do you think the dollar is going to be worth more or less in the future?” he said. Almost everyone he has met believes the dollar will lose purchasing power over time	
So, his belief drives people to seek alternative assets that can provide economic security. Pompliano compared Bitcoin to traditional gold 	pompliano, bitcoin
Pointing out that, while gold has historically been seen as a haven asset, its price appreciation has been relatively modest.”. “Gold just hit a new all-time high, but it’s only up 50% since 2012,” he pointed out	
In contrast, Bitcoin has a much higher growth rate. “Bitcoin…has the asymmetry of an asset that is compounding over that same period at about 62% compound annual growth rate for the last 10 years,” he explained	bitcoin
This impressive growth rate is one of the key factors that have drawn a growing number of investors to Bitcoin. As Pompliano noted, “There’s a cohort of people and a growing cohort, hundreds of millions of people around the world 	pompliano, bitcoin
They want something that is a store value that leverages sound money principles.” So, Bitcoin, with its finite supply and decentralized nature, offers an attractive alternative to traditional assets like gold. Especially in an economic climate where the purchasing power of fiat currencies is now questioned	bitcoin, decentralized
The Impact of ETFs and Government Sales Pompliano also discussed how Bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) influence the market. He noted, “ What’s unique about Bitcoin is historically technologies are adopted by militaries first, then countries, then corporations, and then individuals.” However, Bitcoin has followed the reverse path, with individual investors leading the way	pompliano, bitcoin
Now, as larger institutions and corporations begin to allocate assets to Bitcoin, ETFs provide a “really low-cost, liquid way to do that.” Furthermore, despite the ups and downs in Bitcoin’s price, Pompliano remained optimistic about the demand for Bitcoin ETFs. “The ETFs provide a low-cost, liquid way to do that and so they’re going to continue to buy,” he stated	pompliano, bitcoin
So, the growing interest from financial institutions and corporations in Bitcoin through ETFs could provide a steady stream of investment, contributing to the asset’s long-term growth. Pompliano also addressed concerns about government sales of cryptocurrency, which have occasionally put downward pressure on Bitcoin’s price	pompliano, bitcoin, cryptocurrency
Thus, he acknowledged the impact but framed it in a positive light. “Imagine being able to tell your grandchildren that you bought Bitcoin sold from a government,” he mused	bitcoin
So he suggested that many investors are eager to be on the buying side when governments offload their Bitcoin holdings. Conclusion: What the Future Holds if Bitcoin is “Gold with Wings.” Anthony Pompliano gives a clear view of Bitcoin’s future	pompliano, bitcoin
Despite recent losses, he points to possible Federal Reserve actions, and the 2024 presidential election as factors that could drive Bitcoin higher. So, his comparison of Bitcoin to “gold with wings” shows that it offers the security of gold but with the growth potential of a high-return investment	bitcoin
For those who believe in the long-term value of stable money, Bitcoin remains an attractive option, one that could rise even higher in the future. Anthony Pompliano Status; image source The information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial advice	pompliano, bitcoin
The article does not offer sufficient information to make investment decisions, nor does it constitute an offer, recommendation, or solicitation to buy or sell any financial instrument. The content is opinion of the author and does not reflect any view or suggestion or any kind of advise from CryptoNewsBytes.com 	
The author declares he does not hold any of the above mentioned tokens or received any incentive from the company. Subscribe To Our Newsletter Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team	
SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! Tags Anthony Pompliano bitcoin surge John Nnamani Share This Previous Article Hong Kong Crypto Exchanges Struggle to Secure Full Licenses Next Article Trump to Announce Plan for US as Top Crypto Hub 2 weeks ago Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your Comment Name * Email * Website Δ Latest Posts Nvidia $406 Billion Loss Highlights Volatility Over Bitcoin Crypto News September 11, 2024 Bitcoin ETF See $1.2 Billion Outflows Over Eight-Day Period Crypto News Bitcoin ETFs Ended August with Over -$175 Million NetFlow, What Should We Expect in September? Okoh Abraham Related News Cryptocurrency Bitcoin ETFs Ended August with Over -$175 Million NetFlow, What Should We Expect in September? Cryptocurrency Exposure of How 8 Bitcoin ETFs Sold $287 Million BTC, and Blackrock Sold $0 Cryptocurrency Bearish Session Hit the Crypto Market as Valuation Falls to $1.93 Trillion Bitcoin Bitcoin Gains After Weak US Jobs Data Increase Rate Cut Odds ABOUT Cryptonewsbytes is a leading cryptocurrency online news magazine, dedicated to provide latest breaking news, trends and developments in the cryptocurrency space	pompliano, bitcoin, cryptocurrency, crypto
Latest Posts Bitcoin Nvidia $406 Billion Loss Highlights Volatility Over Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin ETF See $1.2 Billion Outflows Over Eight-Day Period Cryptocurrency Bitcoin ETFs Ended August with Over -$175 Million NetFlow, What Should We Expect in September? Most Discussed WEEK MONTH ALL 1 Cryptocurrency Ethereum Gas Fee To Become 100x Cheaper With This New Plan 4 2 Blockchain Walmart joins MediLedger, a blockchain pharma supply chain project to combat counterfeit drugs 2 3 Cryptocurrency Binance Futures Takers Program To Undergo New Upgrade 2 About Write for CNB Privacy Policy Contact Us Blockchain and Crypto 101 2023 CryptoNewsBytes | By CNB Digital Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled.	blockchain, ethereum, bitcoin, cryptocurrency, crypto
