content	keywords
"He is a Bitcoin evangelist and strongly believes in its potential to surpass the market capitalization of gold in less than a decade.

Apart from being an influential figure himself in the crypto industry, Pomp interviewed other prominent people in his podcast. The list includes Michael Saylor, Mark Cuban, Cathie Wood, David Sacks, and others"	Crypto, General
"With millions of subscribers and followers of various social media platforms, Pomp stays active and shares his insights on the crypto industry. Let us learn more about Anthony Pompliano, his career journey, net worth, and personal life in the present article.

Anthony Pompliano Biography
Full name	Anthony Pompliano Jr.
Age	35 years
Height	5.9 ft
Nationality	American
Siblings	John and Joseph Pompliano
Spouse	Marina Polinova Pompliano
Education	Bucknell University
Known for	Morgan Creek Digital Assets, The Pomp Podcast
Profession	Entrepreneur, Investor
Title	Partner and Co-founder of Morgan Creek Digital Assets
Net Worth	$100 - $200 million
Education and Military Service of Anthony Pompliano

Anthony Pompliano completed his early education from Cardinal Gibbons High School and holds a double major in Economics and Sociology from Bucknell University"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"When his admission into the University was delayed, Pompliano worked in fast food restaurants such as Chick-fil-A and Quiznos. Later, he visited a US Army recruiting office and signed as a reserve member.

During his service in the US Army for over 5 years from 2006 to 2012, he was deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom"	Ethereum
"Pomp was a Distinguished Leader Graduate of the Warrior Leader Course and also a Commandant’s List Graduate of Infantry Leadership School.

Dynamic Career Journey of Anthony Pompliano

After leaving the US Army, Anthony Pompliano founded a social media intelligence platform, Digaforce in January, 2013. The company was successful and was acquired by Strategic Link Partners by the end of the year"	Ethereum, General
"After the acquisition, Pomp worked with facebook to lead the Growth and Engagement team in 2014.

Anthony Pompliano, along with Jason Willaims started Full Tilt Capital venture capital fund, through which they invested in 22 deals within just 3 months. When Full Tilt Capital was acquired by Morgan Creek Digital Assets, Anthony became the co-founder and Partner of the company"	Ethereum, General
"Morgan Creek Digital is a multi-strategy investment firm that helps institutional investors and wealthy family offices to access blockchain and digital assets.

After being involved with various popular company investments through Morgan Creek Digital, Anthony Pompliano started “Pomp Investments”, a venture capital firm. According to Anthony Pompliano’s LinkedIn profile, Pomp Investments builds companies and invests in others.

Anthony Pompliano also creates content around crypto and Bitcoin on his YouTube channel and other social media platforms"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
He is active on Twitter, Instagram, facebook, YouTube, and Telegram and has millions of followers across the platforms. The Pomp podcast is a popular and reliable podcast to follow to learn about what is happening around the crypto industry	Crypto
"It is available on iTunes, Spotify, YouTube Music, and YouTube to reach a wide audience.

Pompliano’s Bitcoin Advocacy

Anthony Pompliano is a strong advocate of Bitcoin adoption and says that it is an anti fragile investment instrument. He estimated Bitcoin would reach $100,000 in 2021 and still holds a major part of his net worth in Bitcoin"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"As an anti fragile asset, Pomp says that Bitcoin can surpass gold market capitalization in less than a decade.

Pomp became a popular influential figure in 2020, when he convinced comedian Bill Burr to invest in Bitcoin. Adding to that, he played a crucial role in BlockFi’s funding round led by Morgan Creek Digital.

Anthony Pompliano launched a Bitcoin Pizza chain in May, 2021"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"It started Pizza deliveries on May 22, the same day when 10,000 Bitcoins were paid for a delivery of 2 Papa John’s Pizzas in 2010. All the funds generated from this venture will go to the “Human Rights Foundation” to support Bitcoin developers.

The Pomp YouTube channel was suspended by the platform because he posted a video advocating Bitcoin in October 2021"	Crypto
"During that time, social media platforms didn’t encourage content creators to talk about cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin. However his channel was restored and Pomp stays active on his YouTube channel.

Anthony Pompliano Net Worth

The net worth of Anthony Pompliano is estimated to between $100 million and $200 million"	Ethereum, Crypto
"However, the exact figures of his net worth are unknown. While platforms like “Data Wallets” estimated his net worth to be around $100 million, other websites like “Entrepreneur” say that it could be between $750 million – $1 billion.

A major part of Anthony Pompliano’s net worth comes from his strategic investments in successful startups"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"In one of his podcasts with Lex Fridman in 2021, Pomp revealed that 95% of his net worth was in Bitcoin. The other portion of his wealth comes from investments in startups, real estate, and earnings from his podcast, newsletter, and other social media engagement.

Personal Life of Anthony Pompliano

Anthony Pompliano is one of the four sons of Tony Pompliano, who is well-known as the founder of ANEXIO"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
The company offers large-scale infrastructure as a solution to businesses. Having an entrepreneur father led the brothers to start their own ventures and become successful in their respective fields	General
"Anthony Pompliano got engaged to Marina Polinova in November 2019 and got married to her in July 2020.

Anthony, John, and Joseph Pompliano are highly successful in their careers and started a platform titled “Pomp Bros”. Here, each of them share their respective endeavors on the platform"	Ethereum
"While John excel’s in the real estate business, Joseph is involved with the sports media sector and shares his insights through “Huddle Up” newsletter, and both of them are also a part of the Pomp Investments.

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
1. What is the net worth of Anthony Pompliano?
Pomp has a net worth of over $100 million as of 2023 and holds 95% of his net worth in Bitcoin.
2"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"What does Anthony Pompliano do?
Anthony Pompliano is an American entrepreneur and investor, Bitcoin evangelist, and former US Army veteran. He is a co-founder and director of Morgan Creek Digital Assets and also runs “The Pomp Podcast” and “The Pomp Newsletter.”
3"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"Who is Anthony Pompliano’s wife?
Polina Marinova Pompliano is the wife of popular podcaster, Anthony Pompliano.
4. What is Anthony Pompliano’s age?
Antho Pompliano is 35 years old as of 2023.
Recent Articles
How to Buy Solana with No KYC?
September 6, 2024
Step-by-Step Guide to Buy Crypto All-Stars ($STARS)
August 15, 2024
Understanding Risk-Reward Ratio in Crypto Investing
August 9, 2024
Introduction
Anthony Pompliano Biography
Education and Military Service of Anthony Pompliano
Dynamic Career Journey of Anthony Pompliano
Pompliano’s Bitcoin Advocacy
Anthony Pompliano Net Worth
Personal Life of Anthony Pompliano
Faq
ABOUT AUTHOR
 DISCLAIMER
Ezra Icy, the creative wizard from Phoenix, Arizona, specializes in crafting magnetic content for Web3 brands"	Ethereum, Crypto
"In the digital realm, he doesn't just connect users; he orchestrates a symphony of community and human bonds. Connect with Ezra in transforming pixels into unforgettable moments and turning the virtual landscape into a warm, welcoming oasis of connection only at ezra@coingape.com

Top News

MORE
Bitcoin News
XRP ETF
Cryptocurrency Prices Today
Worldcoin Price
Crypto Trading
Robert Kiyosaki
XRP Price
XRP News
Cardano Price
Pendle Price
Gary Gensler
Crypto Stocks
Coinbase Stock
Toncoin Price
Vitalik Buterin
Chainlink Price
Sui Price
US CPI Inflation
SHIB Burn
Trump Harris Debate
Caroline Ellison

Coingape is a burgeoning blockchain and crypto media company"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
It was recently awarded as the Best Crypto Media Company 2024 at Global Blockchain Show, Dubai. Our goal is to keep industry professionals up to date on the most recent news and developments	Crypto, General

Winner & 1st Runner-up in the ‘Best Crypto Media’ category at Global Blockchain Show and Blockchain Life 2024.

Exclusive

Interviews
Events
Podcasts
Crypto Reviews
Cryptocurrrency Exchanges
Halving Updates
Live News

Contact

About Us
Privacy Policy
Editorial Policy
Sitemap
Careers
Advertise
Submit Press Release

Follow us on

Advertise with us
© 2024 SquadX Innovations Pvt"	Crypto, General
"Ltd.
About Us
 
Privacy Policy
 
Media PartnersResources
Blog
Journalists
Log In
Sign Up
Data Privacy
Send a Release
News
Products
Contact
Search
News in Focus
Business & Money
Science & Tech
Lifestyle & Health
Policy & Public Interest
People & Culture
DeFi Technologies Inc. Completes Strategic Acquisition of Private Research Firm, Reflexivity Research LLC, Co-Founded by Anthony Pompliano and Will Clemente USA - English 

NEWS PROVIDED BY

DeFi Technologies Inc"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"

Feb 07, 2024, 07:30 ET

SHARE THIS ARTICLE
     
Acquisition Completed: DeFi Technologies Inc. has successfully acquired Reflexivity Research LLC, a private research firm known for its high-quality, crypto-native research and significant client base including major cryptocurrency organizations"	Crypto
"This marks DeFi Technologies' first venture into the research domain, aiming to bridge traditional and decentralized finance.


Strategic Implications: The acquisition allows DeFi Technologies to enhance its service offerings with valuable insights and intelligence in the cryptocurrency market, strengthening its role as a pivotal connector between traditional and decentralised finance sectors.


Transaction Details: The acquisition involved DeFi Technologies acquiring all issued and outstanding securities of Reflexivity Research for 5 million common shares, subject to a 12-month lock-up schedule. This move reflects a mutual confidence in the long-term value of this partnership, with no finder fees paid for the acquisition.

TORONTO, Feb"	Crypto, General
"7, 2024 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RB9) (OTC: DEFTF), a crypto native technology company that pioneers the convergence of traditional capital markets with the world of decentralised finance (""DeFi""), is pleased to announce the successful completion of its acquisition of Reflexivity Research LLC (""Reflexivity""), a premier private research firm that specializes in producing cutting-edge research reports for the cryptocurrency industry (the ""Acquisition"").

Reflexivity, co-founded by Anthony Pompliano and Will Clemente, offers high-quality crypto-native research designed for traditional finance investors"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"The firm is known for unique Bitcoin analysis, along with counting some of the most well-known cryptocurrency organisations as clients, including eToro, Solana, Avalanche, NEAR, Fantom, Sei Network, and many more. Reflexivity's research is distributed via their homepage, a premium membership portal, and an email list of over 55,000 investors which generates a positive cash flow for Reflexivity.

Reflexivity has also focused on creating a large third-party distribution channel for their research, which has been accomplished by partnering with platforms such as TradingView, eToro, and others.

Reflexivity is set to host its annual Bitcoin Investor Day, scheduled for March 22, 2024, in New York City"	Crypto, General
"This event promises to be a gathering of industry luminaries, featuring key leaders from prominent firms such as Blackrock, Fidelity, VanEck, ARK, Bitwise, Galaxy Digital, and Skybridge, among others. The day will be an opportunity for in-depth discussions and insights into the Bitcoin market, led by some of the most influential figures in the field.

The Acquisition signifies DeFi Technologies' inaugural foray into the research domain, underscoring its dedication to fostering knowledge and understanding in the dynamic cryptocurrency sector"	Crypto, General
"With the Acquisition, DeFi Technologies not only reinforces its role as a pivotal bridge between traditional and decentralized finance but will now also offer valuable insights and intelligence to its clientele, further enhancing its comprehensive suite of services in the financial ecosystem.

In connection with the Acquisition, DeFi Technologies acquired all issued and outstanding securities of Reflexivity Research for 5 million common shares of DeFi Technologies (the ""Payment Shares""). The Payment Shares are subject to a lock-up schedule of 12 months, with the Payment Shares being released in equal tranches every three months, underscoring mutual confidence in the enduring value of this joint venture"	Crypto, General
"No finder fees were paid in connection with the Acquisition.

Anthony Pompliano, co-founder of Reflexivity Research, commented, ""As traditional finance continues to allocate to this new asset class and structured products become more important in 2024, we are excited to partner with DeFi and the pioneers of the ETP market at Valour. This collaboration will enhance our research and bring insightful, actionable intelligence to our clients, bridging the gap between traditional finance and the burgeoning potential of cryptocurrency markets.""

Olivier Roussy Newton, Chief Executive Officer of DeFi Technologies, commented, ""This acquisition marks the beginning of a new chapter for us as we establish our presence in the research sector"	Ethereum, Crypto, General
"Joining forces with Reflexivity Research is a strategic step that will greatly enhance our offerings and provide our clients with access to premier insights in the cryptocurrency market.""

About Reflexivity Research LLC
Reflexivity Research LLC is a leading research firm specializing in the creation of high-quality, in-depth research reports for the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industry, empowering investors with valuable insights. For more information please visit https://www.reflexivityresearch.com/

About DeFi Technologies
DeFi Technologies Inc"	Crypto, General
"(NEO: DEFI) (GR: RB9) (OTC: DEFTF) is a crypto native technology company that pioneers the convergence of traditional capital markets with the world of decentralised finance (DeFi).

With a dedicated focus on industry-leading Web3 technologies, DeFi Technologies aims to provide widespread investor access to the future of finance. Backed by an esteemed team of professionals with extensive experience in financial markets and digital assets, we are committed to revolutionising the way individuals and institutions interact with the evolving financial ecosystem.

Join DeFi Technologies' community on Linkedin and Twitter, and for more details, visit https://defi.tech/ 

About Valour
Valour Inc"	Crypto, General
issues exchange traded products (ETPs) that enable retail and institutional investors to access digital assets like Bitcoin in a simple and secure way via their traditional bank account. Established in 2019, Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc	Crypto, General
"(NEO: DEFI) (GR: RB9) (OTC: DEFTF).

For more information on Valour, visit https://valour.com

Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:
This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to the benefits of the Acquisition; development and listing of future ETPs; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities"	Crypto, General
Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company, as the case may be, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but is not limited the acceptance of Valour exchange traded products by exchanges; growth and development of decentralised finance and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to decentralised finance and cryptocurrency; general business, economic, competitive, political and social uncertainties	Crypto, General
Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements	General
"Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.

SOURCE DeFi Technologies Inc.

DeFi Technologies' subsidiary Reflexivity Research announces its inaugural Crypto Investor Day, set for October 25th, 2024, in New York City"	Crypto, General

DeFi Technologies Provides Monthly Corporate Update: Subsidiary Valour Reports Assets Under Management at C$661 Million (US$487 Million), Up 30% This Fiscal Year, and Records Highest Monthly Net Inflows of 2024 at C$14.1 Million (US$10.4 Million) in August

AUM & Record Inflows: Valour reports assets under management (AUM) of C$661 million (US$487 million) as of August 31, 2024. Despite a decline in AUM...

More Releases From This Source
Explore

Banking & Financial Services

Computer & Electronics

Cryptocurrency

News Releases in Similar Topics
Contact PR Newswire
Call 888-776-0942
from 8 AM - 9 PM ET
Contact Us 
  
Products
For Marketers
For Public Relations
For IR & Compliance
For Agency
For Small Business
All Products
About
About PR Newswire
About Cision
Become a Publishing Partner
Become a Channel Partner
Careers
Accessibility Statement
Global Sites 
My Services
All New Releases
Online Member Center
ProfNet
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Information Security Policy
Site Map
RSS
Cookie Settings
Copyright © 2024 Cision US Inc.
We value your privacy
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic"	Crypto, General
"We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Cookie Policy.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Preferences"	Anthony Pompliano
