content	keywords
Posted by Lourie Helzer on Wednesday, June 19, 2024	Pompliano
Anthony Pompliano is a former Army Veteran, entrepreneur, and investor.	Pompliano, General
He has regularly been posting videos about investment on his Instagram. He has been regularly gaining popularity with his knowledge about investment.	General
Who Is Anthony Pompliano?	Pompliano
Anthony Pompliano is an entrepreneur and investor who has built and sold numerous companies, run product and growth teams at Facebook, and manages a portfolio of over $500 million.	Pompliano, General
Moreover, he is the co-founder and Managing Partner at Full Tilt Capital.	General
Other than that, he is a US Army veteran and even hosts a podcast named Pomp podcast.	Pompliano
However, he is yet to have a Wikipedia page.	General
Anthony Pompliano Wiki Details	Pompliano
Date Of Birth:1988	General
Birth Day: 15 June	General
Father: Tony Pompliano	Pompliano, General
Siblings: Four Brothers	General
Zodiac Sign: Gemini	Pompliano
Relation Status: Married	Pompliano
Birth Place: America	General
Marriage Date: 2020	General
Wife: Polina Marinova	General
Height: 5 Feet 11 Inches	General
Net worth:  est.	General
Education: College Graduate	General
College: Bucknell University	Pompliano
Anthony Pompliano Bio & Parents Details	Pompliano
Anthony Pompliano was born to his father, Tony Pompliano, and his mother, Mrs.	Pompliano, General
Pompliano, in America. His father has run ANEXIO, which is a company focused on Data Center & IT Solutions. However, he has talked very less about his mother. Anthony isn't the only child of his parents and has four brothers altogether.	Pompliano, General
Anthony Pompliano enjoys his birthday cake on 15 June every year with his family and friends.	Pompliano, General
He was born on 15 June 1988, which makes him 34 years old as of 2022. Looking at his date of birth, he has Gemini as his zodiac sign. As he was born in America, he holds American nationality. Moreover, he has mixed ethnicity and follows the Christian religion.	General
For his initial education, he went to Cardinal Gibbons High School.	General
After graduating from high school, he went to Bucknell University and graduated with a bachelor's degree in Economics and Sociology in 2006. At the age of 34, he has a decent height of 5 feet and 11 inches with an average age.	General
Who Is Anthony Pompliano's Wife?	Pompliano, General
Anthony Pompliano has been married to his wife, Polina Marinova, since 2020.	Pompliano, General
His wife is the author of ProofRead, a weekly newsletter that features profiles of the most successful people and companies. Other than that, the couple has been very private about their married life. Anthony often posts images with his wife on his Instagram account. At the same time, Polina has an Instagram account, which is private.	General
Still, after being married for around two years, the couple is yet to announce their kids.	Pompliano
It seems like they are still not ready to enter the life of parenting.	Pompliano
Anthony Pompliano Career & Net Worth Insights	Pompliano, General
After years of a successful career, Anthony Pompliano has an estimated net worth of $5 million approximately.	Pompliano, General
As of now, his main sources of income are the successful business that he runs.	Pompliano
After graduating from college, he went to join Us Army in 2006.	Pompliano
After working there for over six years, he took his retirement at the post of Sergeant. Later, he went to join Facebook and served there as a product manager till 2015. 	Pompliano
Eventually, he moved to Full Tilt Capital and served there as Managing Partner for almost two years till 2018.	General
Later, he founded a company named Morgan Creek Digital Assets and was a partner till 2020. Eventually, she started Pomp Investments and has been running the company.	Pompliano, Crypto, General
Moreover, he even has a YouTube channel in his name which he started on 26 February 2018.	Pompliano
With 461k subscribers, he makes 36.8k-569.5k per year, as per socialblade.com.	Pompliano
