1. politicians with fiscal policy
2. You can change the cost of capital so you can raise or lower the interest rate
3. And then you can choose to increase, expand the money supply, or you can decrease and drain it
4. Over the last two years or so, we have been increasing the cost of capital, making it more expensive
5. And we also have been trying to decrease the amount of assets in the economy
6. And so you've seen the Federal Reserve, for example, sell off almost $2 trillion off their balance sheet
7. Now that's the central bank
8. They're increasing costs and they're draining liquidity
9. They're tightening financial conditions
10. When things get tight, then people are less likely to go into invest, to spend, and kind of add to the inflationary pressure
11. But during this entire time, the politicians never got the memo
12. The politicians have been spending like absolute drunken sailors
13. They had the inflation reduction
14. the Inflation Reduction Act, they had the CHIPS Act, they had a number of other policies that they put forward
15. They have printed trillions of dollars, even though the central bank was trying to go ahead and actually drain liquidity
16. And so now what we have is we have an expanding monetary kind of base
17. We have capital that's about to become a lot cheaper
18. So a lot of capital is gonna come in the market and it's gonna be cheaper, which means people are going to take that capital and they're going to invest, they are going to spend, they are going to go and stimulate this economy
19. If you're the current incumbent, even though Vice President Harris is not the president, she is seen as the incumbent and she's going to get credit for wherever this economy ends up
20. This is very helpful for them
21. And so the Republicans have been critiquing the central bank saying, hey, do not do this
22. Now, what I find most fascinating is that the central bank is supposed to be an independent organization
23. It's supposed to govern regardless of who is in office, what the election cycle or the political landscape is
24. But now you have both sides of the aisle over the last couple of years and especially right now advocating for certain monetary policy
25. And so I find it fascinating that Donald Trump and his administration has come out and said, we actually think the president should just be involved because to a degree they already are involved
26. trying to influence monetary policy in different ways
27. Donald Trump may go and tweet directly at Jerome Powell and tell him to weaken the dollar
28. At the same time, we have Elizabeth Warren writing a letter in a much more formal way saying, I think that we should get a 75 basis point cut
29. The truth is that human led monetary policy is always going to be wrong
30. They're always going to be behind the curve because they're looking at backwards data to make a decision today to try to predict the future
31. And it's a very, very hard thing to do
32. It's the money supply
33. If you expand that, there's more money chasing the same amount of goods
34. If you drain that, if there's less money in the system, then naturally you have less money chasing the same amount of goods and therefore prices have to come down
35. Free market economics works
36. If there is an imbalance in supply and demand, the market moves to eventually find equilibrium
37. It may not happen immediately, but over a long enough time period, the market will find that equilibrium
38. And what we're watching occur, think about all of the change from 2020 to today
39. We're talking about 2020, 2021, 22, 23, 24
40. five years, even though it seems like four, it's five years
41. And so in 2020, what you got was a public health crisis
42. Everyone gets locked in their home
43. Liquidity gets drained from the system
44. Nobody wants to spend
45. Everyone's selling their assets to raise cash
46. So the government and the central bank steps in and says, we're going to print trillions of dollars and we're going to suppress interest rates
47. Asset prices take off, everyone gains confidence, everyone goes and spends
48. All of a sudden that leads to an inflationary pressure
49. So then the Fed steps in and says, oh, hold on a second
50. This is a problem
51. Let's go drain liquidity
52. Let's raise interest rates and let's start selling assets off our balance sheet so that we can pull in this inflation
53. Let's break the back of inflation
54. When that occurred, you now are getting this oscillation
55. You're getting volatility in inflation, in spending, in monetary policy
56. Now we're saying, wait a second, all of the economic data is slowing down
57. We're risking pushing ourselves into a recession
58. Let's go and stimulate the economy again
59. And so that's where this conversation about cutting rates and printing money comes in
60. How can the average American family plan their life if they don't know what the monetary policy is going to be two years from now
61. If I don't know if mortgage rates are going to be at 6%, 4%, 8%, or 2%
62. How am I supposed to plan my life
63. How am I supposed to plan my life if I don't know how much liquidity I'm going to have
64. How am I supposed to plan my life if I don't know if stocks are going to go up or down over the next two years
65. This is the problem with human led monetary policy is that we constantly are reactive to whatever the economic situation is
66. There are positives to it
67. We can mute downturns as we've seen over the last 20 or 30 years, but it creates incredible pain on a day to day basis for the average family
68. And that's why I see the wealth inequality gap going up
69. That's why you see home affordability so bad
70. And that's why you see so many people who are saying, I don't even understand economics
71. I just know my life is not better
72. than it was four years ago
73. And that is ultimately what we really should be trying to solve is how do you improve the lives of the average American rather than how do we go and try to be the smartest people in the room and use very minute control of monetary policy to be reactive to whatever's happening in the world
74. Donald Trump recently came out and said that he is not going to tax social security payments
75. I think that this is very interesting because now both candidates agree that they're going to give tax cuts to Americans
76. The public narrative is that Donald Trump is going to give tax cuts and Kamala Harris is not
77. She's going to raise taxes
78. The nuance is
79. Actually, Donald Trump is going to give tax cuts and he's going to give very large tax cuts
80. He wants to cut the corporate tax rate down to 15%
81. He wants to do no tax on tips
