1. Hey guys, this is Sasha introducing Arca's NFT Creator Series
2. Today we have Kiran from Alluvium joining us for the first episode
3. Really excited to have Kiran on
4. He's been a friend of mine for, we'll call it a year now
5. So how are you doing today, first of all
6. Doing really well
7. I'm super excited to be the first guest on your show
8. And yeah, it's a nice sunny day in Sydney today, so super happy
9. There you go
10. So real quick, I just wanted to ask, you know, people know you obviously as the co-founder of Alluvium, but how did you actually get started in NFTs
11. What brought you to the space and what kept you here
12. So I started trading crypto back
13. in 2015 when a lot of people started putting their eye on the space
14. And it didn't go so well for me in the early stages
15. I ended up losing a little bit of money
16. And so I ended up segwaying away for a few years and it wasn't until Kane, my brother and founder of Synthetix, his protocol started taking off and
17. He really implored me to start investing in the space again and just familiarizing myself with the different protocols, mainly around DeFi
18. And I did that for probably six months, went right down the rabbit hole, you know
19. the whole no sleep and just 24-7 market analysis
20. And I came across Axie Infinity, which was a huge game that had started a couple of years back, but it just started getting traction
21. And that's when I really got interested in NFTs
22. and their use cases
23. And I started delving into it a little bit further and I started seeing, you know, the different collections and stuff out there
24. And so, yeah
25. so I guess midway through 2019 is when I started getting really interested in the space and NFTs in particular
26. And outside of gaming, what would you say is the most personally intriguing on your side
27. So finance, startups, I'm obsessed with, I love giving someone the opportunity to start something from nothing
28. And my ideal is in 15, 20 years when I'm officially retired, I will be a VC on the side
29. I personally love seeing entrepreneurs out there
30. with an idea and watching it come to fruition, there's nothing that excites me more than that
31. So I guess that's mainly what I'm interested in
32. And that's a pretty good dovetail
33. How do you think that NFTs have changed the
34. the landscape for not only creators, but also, you know, in your case gamers, but we can call them collectors or users
35. How do you think that the ownership of these assets has changed with the onset of non-fungible tokens being used as a wrapper
36. Yeah, so I guess the creator economy was enhanced massively by Web2, right
37. when the internet started expanding and people were able to expose whether it be artwork, games, collections, anything that you can think of that people might wanna digitally collect, there was this, all of a sudden this huge platform and then you started seeing different social media websites open up and people like showing off
38. what they've collected, what they're invested in, what they're interested in
39. And we've seen that with CryptoPunks and stuff like that, but actually allowing verifiable
40. digital ownership on the blockchain that you know is yours and can be secured, it completely changes the game
41. For things like plagiarism and stuff like that, all of a sudden creators can make an artwork and create, let's call it 10 copies or 100 copies or, you know, in some cases, one of ones
42. And the person who is
43. purchasing this knows it's verifiable, it's 100% on chain, and you know that you are actually getting the official artwork that that person has created
44. How that can get even more advantageous
45. using NFTs for the actual creator is you can have things like an ongoing revenue stream where you put an affiliate fee that sits inside the actual NFT and any time that it's sold on the open market, a referral fee goes back to that creator and so you're not necessarily getting the
46. the upside of the sale every single time, but you're getting a small fraction that comes back to you
47. And I think that's a really cool way to, to again, empower the creator, which is something that we should be trying to do across the board, right
48. Like if, if we're
49. subduing these people and we're making it very hard for them to make a living out of it, then they're probably going to choose a different avenue to go about, you know, making money in their life, which I think is, you know, that's not advantageous for anyone
50. We need these creators out there building the things that are fun and things that we like to show off
51. And, you know, in that respect, there has been, you know, a lot of pushback
52. outside of our community, you know, skepticism around this just being a fad or, you know, the right-click save, or, you know, even going down the line of what, you know, what's the point of owning a picture I can just go see, or what's the point of this, or it's pricing me out, this, this, and that
53. What would you say to those skeptics across the board
54. I mean, if you look at the art industry, when you get up to the level of art collectors that have hundreds of millions of dollars of art in their collection
55. There's something to be said about knowing that it's 100% verified from that artist, right
56. Like if you have a Picasso and it's verified and you know that
57. and it's from the signature or any of the different grading procedures that they use to actually confirm that an artwork is real compared to a print that you've just put up in your house
58. It's twofold, right
59. The first, I guess, advantage that you have is that you can actually verify and say that I did spend that $10 million, which meant a lot to you
60. But also you have the bragging rights to say, yeah
61. I actually do own a Picasso or whatever it is, in our case, a CryptoPunk
62. there's only a finite amount of those in existence, right
63. And so that's why you see the pricing of a CryptoPunk or a CryptoKitty or any of these OG collections that have appeared keep on going up and up and up because as more people enter the ecosystem of actually wanting whatever it is that they're after in these collections
64. there is only a certain amount
65. And so the same thing would be said about these, is it a fad
66. It's only a fad while there isn't the demand there
67. And as we're seeing the demand go up and up and up of people who say
68. I do want verifiable ownership through the use of NFTs, as that demand grows, we're going to
69. see that, you know, over time, the whole right click, save, I can just get the same CryptoPunk as you
70. It's that that argument just won't hold up
71. I don't think
72. And I think that, you know, it's pretty rudimentary now, but as as this bottom up IP starts to build out, the financial benefits of owning the actual asset will start, you know, it'll become much more clear along the lines, you know, if Bordet Biat Club has a
73. you know, an associated like TV series or has, you know, partnership products, these products are not going to go to the copy paste, you know, pictures are going to go directly to the owner of the actual asset
74. And that's going to be a revenue stream, or there's gonna be an agreement
75. And absolutely, I'll start to further solidify the value of owning the actual because, because right now, you know, owning
76. For me, owning the Mona Lisa or owning a copy of the Mona Lisa, the level of difference in that is not equal to the value difference of the print versus the actual
77. But in this case, you'll start to see a much more clarified value differential between owning the print versus owning the actual asset
78. I mean, they proved that by bringing out the mutant ape collection, where if you owned one of the OG apes, then that would airdrop you a mutant ape
79. And I think now those mutant apes are going for a ridiculous sum of money as well
80. And so then all of a sudden
81. you bring in utility of these NFTs
82. It's like, if I own this, then I'm going to get potentially another NFT or a fraction of another NFT that is, you know, anything is possible when you can go back and verify that that person actually has ownership over that digital asset
83. And with NFT NYC, we kind of saw that a lot of these NFTs were being used as like a VIP passes, right
84. You couldn't get into the party without the access to the NFT or you
85. you know, you couldn't go to the meet and greet
86. You know, like there was like secluded events that were piled into these, what I would call, you know, VIP passes
87. You know, you get an entrance into this private club
88. You know, there's been private clubs and societies for forever
89. For years, yeah
90. Signifying that you are a part of that club
91. So I think it's very interesting
92. And all of it, you know, is kind of in incubation right now
93. But where do you see this going in the next five to 10 years
94. I see it exploding in growth, like very, very similar to what DeFi did
95. And I think, you know, similarly DeFi is in its infancy as well, but potentially even more so NFTs are in that there are so many different use cases that the industry hasn't even touched yet
96. It's also just really, really easy to understand
97. Whereas crypto typically is super complex
98. A lot of people find
99. looking into, you know, derivatives protocols and AMMs and even, you know, centralized exchanges and all these different financial instruments
100. And they think this is just too opaque
101. It's too complex
102. I don't get it
103. And so I think the adoption of crypto is going to be a constant battle, you know, an uphill battle
104. One that I think will reach mainstream adoption, probably not in the next five to 10 years, where I think NFTs have the advantage is particularly in gaming
105. there's 3 billion gamers that are out there
106. And what we're starting to see with play to earn is that 3 billion mark is going up rapidly because we're seeing normal day-to-day people start playing these new style of games because they're earning more in gaming than their regular day-to-day nine to five jobs
107. And so in five to 10 years, I expect
108. somewhere around 100 million people to enter the crypto space purely from NFTs and what they do, and particularly around gaming
109. You know, there's
110. There's so much opportunity
111. There's been for so long now, literally decades, there have been games out there where the players have been demanding ownership, real world ownership of their assets
112. And I talk about like World of Warcraft and their economy and their gold system where people are like meeting up on the street and, you know, giving out bundles of cash for this digital currency
113. you know, when there's a very high chance of you being scammed, of you being shot or killed, because it's real, real world money to these people
114. But there just never was a platform
115. I think with us creating this metaverse, which allows the onboarding of non crypto native people, and it to be so easy, I think it's pretty
116. It's inevitable that in the next five to 10 years, we're going to see some serious amounts of adoption coming from NFTs and gaming
117. Yeah, I think the closest interaction you could probably get in the gaming sector was probably Steam Marketplace with like CSGO and where you can see it's directly for PayPal cash, but there's an upper limit of, I think it was like 50 bucks
118. But yeah, definitely remember doing some like runescape drops for PayPal and or like I was on blizzards like forum
119. I think it was
120. for Diablo 2, I was on Blizzard's forum post
121. Most of us remember how painful it used to be
122. I think everyone's right now looking at the asset creation standpoint where I'd say 90% plus of what's in this space right now are new assets that didn't exist before the NFTs enabled them to exist
123. My big plan the next five to 10 years would be something, you know, more of a migration pattern of traditional assets that are non fungible coming over into the space and that severely
124. changes the the opportunity spectrum in this space where you know more people get comfortable with the with the NFT structure in of itself and and that kind of the net benefit for anything that's built under that structure
125. So in that sense you know obviously we're all very excited for for what's to come
126. Where like where can people find out more about you and and Alluvium
127. So your best place to start is in the Alluvium Discord
128. I know you frequent in there pretty often, but
129. that's where our information hub is
130. If you want to follow me, I'm a little bit crazy, but you can follow me on Twitter
131. I usually have some
132. pretty fun stuff to say about the sector and the competition and all that kind of stuff
133. But yeah, I think for alluvium purposes, definitely get added into the Discord
134. It's a really good place to start
135. And we have some super fun stuff coming out in the next couple of months in our land sale and then our avatar sale, which is called Alluvatars
136. So all of that information you can find in our Discord
137. And one last question because everybody has to know
138. What's the meaning of the hat
139. What's the symbol on the hat
140. What does it mean
141. That's a good point
142. I don't actually know
143. I just saw it in a shop and I'm not very
144. I'm not very big on, I guess, brands and stuff like that
145. My favorite shirt is this, like, hand-painted Pokemon shirt
146. So, yeah, if I see something I like, I buy it
147. I'll try and work out the brand
148. What do we got here
149. We'll call it the Circle of Warwick
150. It's called Well Done
151. It doesn't actually represent Warwick, but yeah
152. Well Done is the brand
153. I'm rocking a little anti-anti-anti-club gun
154. I saw that
155. I was like, damn it, where'd you buy that
156. I want to buy that shirt
157. It's on Looks Rare
158. So shout out to Looks Rare, wherever they are
159. Get the clothing
160. I'm checking it out now
161. That I paid for 100%
162. Thank you so much, Kieran
163. I appreciate the time
164. Thanks for having me
