The next person that tells me I'm not religious, I'm going to shove my rosary beads up their ass.
I worked at an all-black swimming pool in the east side of Wilmington, I was involved in what the Negroes, I mean, blacks were thinking, what they were feeling.
No Ordinary American Cares About Their Constitutional Rights
You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent.
I never had an interest in being a mayor ’cause that’s a real job. You have to produce. That’s why I was able to be a senator for 36 years.
I think the only reason Clarence Thomas is on the court is because he is black
Thus, in setting an American agenda for a New World Order, we must begin with a profound alteration in traditional thought.
When you're appealing to people's fears and anxieties, you can make some gains.
Every single morning since I've been 27 years old, I've got up and someone's handed me a card like the one I have in my pocket with the schedule on it, of all the things I'm gonna do. I don't know what to do if I didn't have that card.
I mean, you got the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy. I mean, that's a storybook, man.
You know you're a success when you look at your kids and realize they turned out better than you.
Make sure of two things. Be careful - microphones are always hot, and understand that in Washington, D.C., a gaffe is when you tell the truth. So, be careful.
It's easy being vice president - you don't have to do anything.
I did not grope the wife of Defense Secretary Ashton Carter or the daughter of Sen. Christopher Coons. I don't put drugs in drinks or give drinks to underage females. And all those photos about me inappropriately touching girls, they are blown-up.
I may be Irish, but I'm not stupid.
Obama and Biden want to raise taxes by a trillion dollars. Guess what? Yes we do.
I get a lot of credit I don't deserve.
My great grandfather, Raj, was from Punjab, India. My grandmother graduated Rajasthan University.
How I learned to love the New World Order.
For too long in this society, we have celebrated unrestrained individualism over common community.
I have never touched Hillary [Clinton] inappropriately.
Folks, I can tell you I've known eight presidents, three of them intimately.
Guess what, the cheerleaders in college are the best athletes in college. You think, I'm joking, they're almost all gymnasts, the stuff they do on hard wood, it blows my mind.
The number one job facing the middle class. And it happens to be, as Barack says, a three-letter word: Jobs. J-O-B-S.
Banning guns is an idea whose time has come.
Joe Robinette Biden is a retired attorney who was elected as the 46th U.S. President by defeating ex-President Donald Trump in November 2020.Before becoming the President, Biden along with Vice President Kamala Harris started their political campaign throughout the United States. Their campaign mostly talked about bringing unity and serving justice to the American people and saving the rights of people's democracy which fueled the change.The 46th U.S. election was one of a kind. When the entire world stood still due to the pandemic, America saw a huge stir because of this election in the last half of the year.After the highly contested battle, Biden's luck shined over Trump and justice was served. Joe Biden defeated ex-President Trump by a very large margin and emerged as the 46th President of the United States in the general election of November 2020.America also saw its first female person of color Vice President, Kamala Harris, and the oldest President ever to take the oath.President-elect Joe Biden also served as the Vice President under Barrack Obama before taking over the White House. In this article, we have got for you some of the best and most inspiring President Biden's quotes that everyone will enjoy.If you are down for more of such content, then check out the articles on Kamala Harris quotes and Jimmy Carter quotes.‍
            
                Best Presidential Quotes From Joe Biden
            
            
        Here is a list of the best of Biden's quotes that show he was the right person to become President-elect.1. "We have learned again that democracy is precious, democracy is fragile. At this hour my friends, democracy has prevailed."- Joe Biden.2. "Given a fair shot, given a fair chance, Americans have never, ever, ever, ever let their country down. Never. Never. Ordinary people like us. Who do extraordinary things."- Joe Biden.3. "The 21st century is going to be the American century. Because we lead not only by the example of our power but by the power of our example. That is the history of the journey of America."- Joe Biden.4. "I will defend the Constitution, our democracy, America, and I will keep everything I do in your service, thinking not of power but of possibilities, not of personal interests but of public good."- Joe Biden.5. "The predicaments currently facing the nation are historic. Few Americans have found a time more challenging than the time we are in now."- Joe Biden.6. "We will be judged, you and I, by how we resolve these cascading crises... I believe we will, and write the next great chapter of the American story."- Joe Biden.7. "This is absolutely bizarre that we continue to subsidize highways beyond the gasoline tax, airlines, and we don't subsidize, we don't want to subsidize, a national rail system that has a positive environmental impact."- Joe Biden.
            
                Quote From Joe Biden's Inauguration
            
            
        These quotes taken from Joe Biden's inauguration speech about justice and people's rights will give you chills. Check out these quotes to increase your political knowledge.8. "And today, we marked the swearing-in of the first woman in the American history elected to national office - vice president Kamala Harris. Don't tell me things can't change."- Joe Biden.9. "Recent weeks and months have taught us a painful lesson. There is truth and there are lies. Lies told for power and profit. Each of us has a duty and a responsibility as citizens, as Americans, especially as leaders ... to defend the truth and defeat the lies."- Joe Biden.10. "I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy these days. I know the forces that divide us are deep and they are real. I also know they are not new."- Joe Biden.11. "Politics doesn't have to be a raging fire, destroying everything in its path. Every disagreement doesn't have to be a cause for total war. And we must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated, and even manufactured."- Joe Biden.12. "Our history has been a constant struggle between American ideal that we are all created equal and harsh ugly reality that racism, nativism, fear, demonization have long torn us apart."- Joe Biden.13. "For without unity, there's no peace, only bitterness, and fury. No progress, only exhausting outrage. No nation, only state of chaos...this is our historic moment of crisis and challenge...unity is the path forward."- Joe Biden.14. "This is America’s day, this is democracy’s day, the day of history and hope. Today we celebrate a triumph, not of a candidate, but of a cause. "- Joe Biden.
            
1. "We have learned again that democracy is precious, democracy is fragile. At this hour my friends, democracy has prevailed."
2. "Given a fair shot, given a fair chance, Americans have never, ever, ever, ever let their country down. Never. Never. Ordinary people like us. Who do extraordinary things."
3. "The 21st century is going to be the American century. Because we lead not only by the example of our power but by the power of our example. That is the history of the journey of America."
4. "I will defend the Constitution, our democracy, America, and I will keep everything I do in your service, thinking not of power but of possibilities, not of personal interests but of public good."
5. "The predicaments currently facing the nation are historic. Few Americans have found a time more challenging than the time we are in now."
6. "We will be judged, you and I, by how we resolve these cascading crises... I believe we will, and write the next great chapter of the American story."
7. "This is absolutely bizarre that we continue to subsidize highways beyond the gasoline tax, airlines, and we don't subsidize, we don't want to subsidize, a national rail system that has a positive environmental impact."
8. "And today, we marked the swearing-in of the first woman in the American history elected to national office - vice president Kamala Harris. Don't tell me things can't change."
9. "Recent weeks and months have taught us a painful lesson. There is truth and there are lies. Lies told for power and profit. Each of us has a duty and a responsibility as citizens, as Americans, especially as leaders ... to defend the truth and defeat the lies."
10. "I know speaking of unity can sound to some like a foolish fantasy these days. I know the forces that divide us are deep and they are real. I also know they are not new."
11. "Politics doesn't have to be a raging fire, destroying everything in its path. Every disagreement doesn't have to be a cause for total war. And we must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated, and even manufactured."
12. "Our history has been a constant struggle between American ideal that we are all created equal and harsh ugly reality that racism, nativism, fear, demonization have long torn us apart."
13. "For without unity, there's no peace, only bitterness, and fury. No progress, only exhausting outrage. No nation, only state of chaos...this is our historic moment of crisis and challenge...unity is the path forward."
14. "This is America’s day, this is democracy’s day, the day of history and hope. Today we celebrate a triumph, not of a candidate, but of a cause. "
15. "Uh, uh, Chuck Graham, state senator, is here. Stand up, Chuck, let ’em see you. Oh, God love you. What am I talking about."
16. "I am a gaffe machine. But by God, what a wonderful thing compared to a guy who can’t tell the truth ."
17. "You know, during World War II, Roosevelt came up with the War Production Board."
18. "Look, John’s last-minute economic plan does nothing to tackle the number one job facing the middle class, and it happens to be, as Barack says, a three-letter word: jobs. J-O-B-S."
19. "When the stock market crashed, Franklin Roosevelt got on the television and didn’t just talk about the princes of greed. He said, ‘Look, here’s what happened.'"
20. "If John McCain wants to know where the bad guys live, come back with me to Afghanistan. We know where they reside, and it’s not in Iraq."