Content	Topic
The world of crypto and decentralized technologies is no longer an internet niche, home to a few pioneers on the frontier of fintech. It is now a blossoming sector for people of all backgrounds, interests  and genders.	Crypto Revolution, Fintech Disruption
Women have been entering the space in droves to find financial freedom from traditional systems and help create the future of digital interactions.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech
In an exclusive interview with Cointelegraph, Binance co-founder and chief marketing officer He Yi touched on what its like to be a woman as the head of one of the crypto industrys biggest organizations.	Crypto Revolution, Binance Innovations
Prior to her conversation with Cointelegraph, Yi tweeted that in the crypto space, as we know it, only 5 of founders are female, and shes proud to be a part of that statistic.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech
Only 5 of crypto founders are female. Im part of the statistic  and Im proud.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech
Were paving a path for other women to stand bold in the blockchain space. And were just getting started. BuildTogether InternationalWomensDay pic.twitter.comT8MwZ2sqvP	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech, Blockchain Trailblazers
Yi He heyibinance March 6, 2023	Crypto Revolution, Binance Innovations
Like many in the crypto space, Yi came from a field outside of financial technology. She recalled her roots in television broadcasting and further explained how her family had expectations of her to become a teacher.	Crypto Revolution, Fintech Disruption
However, she said once she discovered Bitcoin	Crypto Revolution
BTC	Crypto Revolution
58,070	He Yi/Yi He
and the possibilities of decentralized finance, her life took a different turn.	Crypto Revolution, Decentralized Finance (DeFi)
To women who want to enter the industry, but feel a sense of hesitancy due to a lack of familiarity with the space and its jargon or are afraid of a gender bias, Yi said	Women Empowerment in Tech
Never set a limit on yourself.	He Yi/Yi He
As an executive at one of cryptos leading institutions, Yi said there are three key components women should focus on for success in the industry mindset, growth management and decision-making.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech, Tech Leadership Strategies
Particularly mindset, Yi said to be assertive and achieve the goals you set out for yourself and your team Take ownership and be a problem solver.	Tech Leadership Strategies
Forget your gender. Dont focus on the fact that youre a woman in a mans world. Instead, focus on how to be a good business leader, regardless of being a man or woman.	Tech Leadership Strategies
Yi said that now at Binance, one of the crypto spaces largest entities, nearly 30 of senior leaders are women, and directly report to the companys CEO, Changpeng CZ Zhao. One of the main ways to do this is through education.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech, Tech Leadership Strategies, Binance Innovations
Related 15 influential women entrepreneurs in Web3	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech, Web3 Development
During the interview, an employee working with Yi at Binance said that Yi has personally trained many employees, herself included.	Crypto Revolution, Binance Innovations
Yi closed the interview by saying the most important thing is something for men and women to both focus on as leaders  being a leader who understands the world and cares about the community being built.	Women Empowerment in Tech
Binance Charity has recently announced its initiative to provide over 30,000 Web3 scholarships over the next year, some of which specifically focus on women-centered organizations in developing countries.	Crypto Revolution, Women Empowerment in Tech, Binance Innovations, Web3 Development
