Content	Topic
1. First question:	He Yi/Yi He
2. Everyone enjoying the Binance blockchain week in Dubai right now:	First Question Spotlight, Crypto Income, Blockchain Impact
3. What do you think about the event:	First Question Spotlight
4. Did it reach your expectations:	He Yi/Yi He
5. What should we expect for the next year:	He Yi/Yi He
6. I think the best part is we meet a lot of our community guys like you and a lot of fantastic projects here:	Event Vibes, Global Reach, Cultural Exchange
7. But on the other side, I think, to be honest, we still have a lot of places to improve:	Startup Mentality
8. I think we are a startup:	Startup Mentality
9. That means we are never perfect:	Startup Mentality
10. So I'm hoping that everyone will give us more feedback or escalate the problem, we will fix it:	Event Vibes, Startup Mentality, Community Engagement
11. So that means we can do better in next year:	He Yi/Yi He
12. Maybe in that time you can feel better in our conference:	He Yi/Yi He
13. Spectacular atmosphere:	He Yi/Yi He
14. Let's continue with the second question:	He Yi/Yi He
15. Behind every success there's a story:	Market Growth
16. Even some of them are really exciting:	He Yi/Yi He
17. Can you share the story of buying it with us:	He Yi/Yi He
18. So I think a lot of people ask me why finance can be so successful in a short time:	Market Growth
19. I had to think about that a long time:	He Yi/Yi He
20. But I think the major reason is we really care about our users:	Success Story
21. When we talk about user focus, that's simple:	Success Story
22. Every company talks about that:	He Yi/Yi He
23. But when we look back:	He Yi/Yi He
24. From the first year, that time we are a small startup:	Startup Mentality
25. We are not just focusing on money:	Success Story
26. Even though we have a lot of BNB tokens, we never really seal one BNB:	Success Story, BNB Impact
27. That means we still care about the community:	Event Vibes, Global Reach, Cultural Exchange
28. We want to build this industry:	Success Story
29. So a lot of friends ask me, why you are so:	He Yi/Yi He
30. If you are tired to do your work, I can book your time, go out shopping, those things:	He Yi/Yi He
31. I just feel we have responsibility and we need to really work for being the holder:	BNB Impact
32. It's a long way:	He Yi/Yi He
33. Building this industry is a long-term solution:	Success Story
34. Since 2018, we are big BNB holders:	Success Story, BNB Impact
35. We bought in $3 and bought prior:	He Yi/Yi He
36. Don't sell:	He Yi/Yi He
37. We really like:	He Yi/Yi He
38. By the way, in fact, I'm a BNB holder also from the beginning:	Success Story, BNB Impact
39. Because I don't believe no one can believe it:	He Yi/Yi He
40. So I just put all my setup into BNB:	Success Story, BNB Impact
41. So that's why my friend told me, you are rich enough:	He Yi/Yi He
42. Why are you still so hardworking:	He Yi/Yi He
43. I think that's about responsibility:	BNB Impact
44. BNB changed my life:	Success Story, BNB Impact, Innovation Drive
45. Thank you:	He Yi/Yi He
46. That's pretty lovely:	He Yi/Yi He
47. Third question:	He Yi/Yi He
48. What do you think about Turkish community in the crypto ecosystem:	Event Vibes, Turkish Community, Crypto Income, Global Reach, Cultural Exchange
49. What is the role of Turkish people in the success of Binance:	First Question Spotlight, Turkish Community, Market Growth
50. I really want to thank all Turkish community because when I look at the social media, when I look at the data, I can say have a lot of Turkish community people give us a lot of support:	Event Vibes, Turkish Community, Community Engagement, User Commitment, Global Reach, Cultural Exchange
51. even from photo or some local store:	He Yi/Yi He
52. I can see Binance logo everywhere:	First Question Spotlight
53. So I think Binance can be today everything just because we build it together:	First Question Spotlight, Success Story, Turkish Community
54. That means not just our team member or just our partnership that's including our user and especially everyone Turkey user:	Turkey Mention
55. Thank you:	He Yi/Yi He
56. Sometimes:	He Yi/Yi He
57. When you see this kind of topic, they will say, okay, every company says that, but I think, to be honest, think about the finance at another four years, we don't do a lot of art by tithing, and we are not really paying a lot of money at the payday ads:	He Yi/Yi He
58. why we can win just because we care about the user, we want to build this world with the user together:	Success Story, Turkish Community
59. Fourth question, can the inequality income distribution be resolved with cryptocurrencies:	Crypto Income
60. Is the hope of underdeveloped countries keeping up with the new financial system:	Crypto Income
61. I think blockchain, in fact, in my opinion, is a technology like internet, right:	First Question Spotlight, Crypto Income, Blockchain Impact, Innovation Drive
62. Internet, they build the system and everyone transfer a lot of information online and then you can learn more, you can search anything you want to learn:	Success Story, Crypto Income, Blockchain Impact
63. I think the blockchain is very close but just not just transaction information:	First Question Spotlight, Crypto Income, Blockchain Impact
64. maybe including some valuable things, say that, or other things:	He Yi/Yi He
65. I think in the future, it's hard to say every country is the same, even though in the internet world, not the same in any country, right:	Blockchain Impact, Turkey Mention, Innovation Drive
66. Every country has different policies, and I think we just try to build a good system:	Success Story, Crypto Income, Regulatory Landscape
67. for people:	He Yi/Yi He
68. But what happened, let me see:	He Yi/Yi He
69. Thank you:	He Yi/Yi He
70. Last question:	He Yi/Yi He
71. How do you see the future of decentralized finance, DeFi:	DeFi Future, Turkey Mention, Innovation Drive
72. How can people embrace it as they did to traditional finance:	He Yi/Yi He
73. Do you think regulations will halt the freedom of DeFi:	DeFi Future
74. Yeah, I think when we talk about decentralize or centralize, I have some opinion in different ways, another community project or something:	Event Vibes, Global Reach, Cultural Exchange
75. I think it doesn't have 100% centralize or 100% decentralize:	He Yi/Yi He
76. Sometimes we just let different part work together, like our exchange is centralize, but our public chain is decentralize, and we still need to let everything be invasion:	Turkish Community, Innovation Drive
77. and for this part a lot of people think okay regulator or compliance both bad:	DeFi Future, Regulatory Landscape
78. but i don't think so look if this world haven't government what happen:	He Yi/Yi He
79. right:	He Yi/Yi He
80. so i think everything will be crazy so i think sometime compliance will help some industry better and better so when we look back to the stock industry right from the beginning they don't have any policy or they don't know how to do the compliance but day by day everything:	Success Story, DeFi Future, Regulatory Landscape
81. be clear and have a rule and everyone knows how to rise this industry and then the world will be better:	Success Story
82. That's my opinion, but that doesn't mean it's Biden's opinion, especially the number four and number five question:	Turkey Mention
83. By the way, I think Turkey is a very special country:	Turkey Mention
84. I really want to be there:	He Yi/Yi He
85. I believe in the future I will be there:	Turkey Mention, Innovation Drive
86. And I'm really pressure to meet you in the future:	Turkey Mention, Innovation Drive
87. Thank you so much:	He Yi/Yi He
