content	keywords
"She attended the village university and worked as a TV editor for three years. He Yi started participating in the cryptocurrency market as early as 2014 as a co-founder of the OKCoin exchange.

“I was one of the first to be active in the blockchain community,” she recalls"	Crypto, General
"After that, she transferred to the technology company Yixia Technology and met CZ for the first time at a conference as a consultant.

“He was the first guy who made me feel like he had the skills to transfer difficult technology into simple language that people could understand.

I believed CZ was the best partner for me because of our culture, his background and his skills. I knew we had an opportunity to build a globally famous, top-level company.”

He Yi, The Secretive Co-Founder Of Binance 8

In 2017, she was invited by CZ to join Binance and agreed without a salary"	General
"After that, continued success came to Binance. In just five years, the company has grown into a global empire with 5,000 employees and over 100 million users.

“I felt it really had the potential to help people globally"	Heyi
"I came to the decision to join very fast. I believed it would be the future.”

Currently, the female director’s job at Binance changes regularly but mainly focuses on marketing, customer care and public relations"	General
"Despite working a lot with the media, He Yi is quite private and rarely reveals his work at the corporation.

“The reason, to be honest, is my English ability. I don’t want to be wrong,” she explained"	Heyi
"In an interview with Fortune, Yi revealed that she has only been learning English for more than a year and still has to have a language assistant when interviewing in English.

With his shares in Binance, He Yi can completely enroll himself in the list of millionaires in the world. Image source: City AM

The female director believes that CZ should be the face of the company, and encouraged him to participate in press interviews and be the global spokesperson for Binance.

“CZ is definitely a better candidate to be the public face of the company"	Ethereum, Crypto
