content	keywords
"Yi He’s biography on the company’s website says she leads business, marketing, and branding strategy.

For years, her official title was Chief Marketing Officer. (In September, Binance named a new CMO: Rachel Conlan former global head of brand and partnerships at the crypto exchange OKX.)

Even so, Yi He rarely used the title"	Crypto, General
"“I do not really call myself CMO, I always call myself Chief Customer Service Officer,” she said in an interview with Bitcoin Addict Thailand in 2022.

Yi He poses with Binance merchandise in a 2022 photo posted on her X account.

“I think everyone is a bit confused about who I am and what I do at Binance,” she said in a presentation during Binance’s five-year anniversary celebration in 2022. “I’m Binance’s co-founder, but usually just call me chief of customer service, even though I don’t really manage the customer service team.”

Confusing matters even more, Binance appointed He last August to head Binance Labs, the exchange’s venture capital arm with $7.5 billion in assets and more than 200 projects in its portfolio.

Romantic relationship

What seems clear is how close she is with Zhao"	Crypto
"In 2022, Reuters reported the two were in a romantic relationship and other media outlets have reported the couple have two children together.

Zhao responded angrily to the Reuters article in a Binance blog post, saying his “toddlers are not in the public interest.” He said Binance works with law enforcement officials to seize assets of organised crime groups and writing about his kids puts them in “harm’s way.”

Responding to the Reuters story, a Binance spokesperson said, “Two consenting adults starting a family together is not news. Media have known about their relationship (which pre-dates Binance) for years.”

Disclosing personal relationships between senior executives, especially C-suite officers, has long been considered a best practice in corporate management.

Hazy corporate culture

Still, Yi He has been cagey about her relationship with Zhao"	Ethereum
"In an interview with Bloomberg News earlier this year, she likened them to comrades-in-arms and college roommates, and then suggested people are just trying to ship them.

She has insisted they are business partners and co-founders. In less formal interviews, and she has called Zhao her boss.

In any event, the lack of clarity around Yi He’s role appears to underscore Binance’s hazy corporate culture.

With no home base and a constellation of operating entities worldwide, Zhao designed Binance to be a new type of enterprise catering to a new type of online marketplace that deals in a new product — cryptocurrencies.

Before Binance, Yi He hired CZ at OKCoin"	Crypto, General
"(DL News)

Regulators see it differently. The US Securities and Exchange Commission called Binance’s model “an opaque web of corporate entities” in the lawsuit filed against the company and Zhao in June.

In its own lawsuit, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said: “Binance’s reliance on a maze of corporate entities to operate the Binance platform is deliberate"	Crypto
"It is designed to obscure the ownership, control, and location [of the company].”

Binance and Zhao have denied the agencies’ accusations they are unlawfully running an exchange and broker-dealer and offering unregistered securities to US investors. Binance and Zhao have vowed to fight the allegations in court.

“From the start, we have actively cooperated with the SEC’s investigations and we have engaged in good-faith discussions to reach a negotiated settlement to resolve those investigations,” Binance said in a statement on June 5.

With expectations mounting that the US Department of Justice may be moving closer to opening a criminal case against Binance, Zhao and He’s leadership may be facing even more pressure.

Spicy food and pandas

Yi He grew up in a rural village in Sichuan, a province in China famed for its spicy food and home to most of the country’s remaining pandas.

She didn’t have a really good family background, He said during her speech at Binance’s five-year anniversary celebrations"	Crypto
