Content				Topic
Exclusive: Interview with He Yi, Co-Founder and CMO of Binance. Skip to content. Free Bitcoins		Interview, he yi, binance, co-founder, cmo
Buy Crypto. Events. Meme Coins		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Tap-to-earn. Contact us. about		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Newsletters. Advertise. TR		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
crypto.news. News. All		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Bitcoin. Blockchain. Ethereum		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
DeFi. Altcoin. Regulation		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
NFT. Metaverse. Feature		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Opinion. Follow-up. Markets		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Learn. Prices. Claim 5BTC free bonus		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
BC.GAME. WIN BIG with Leicester city, Price pool $BC10,000,000. WELCOME BONUS 180% up to 5 BTC		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Support 100+ tokens and NFT. Instant payouts. 10000+ casino games		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
No KYC. No withdraw waiting. TR		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Search. Search. Search		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Close search. Bitcoin (BTC). $58,413.00		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
0.7194. Bitcoin price. Ethereum (ETH)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$2,520.15. 1.94971. Ethereum price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
BNB (BNB). $519.15. 0.51805		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
BNB price. Solana (SOL). $132.03		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
0.65033. Solana price. XRP (XRP)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.555155. -0.37713. XRP price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Shiba Inu (SHIB). $0.0000135. -1.20802		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Shiba Inu price. Pepe (PEPE). $0.0000075		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
-0.01075. Pepe price. Bonk (BONK)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.0000171. 1.03709. Bonk price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Bitcoin (BTC). $58,413.00. 0.7194		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Bitcoin price. Ethereum (ETH). $2,520.15		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
1.94971. Ethereum price. BNB (BNB)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$519.15. 0.51805. BNB price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Solana (SOL). $132.03. 0.65033		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Solana price. XRP (XRP). $0.555155		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
-0.37713. XRP price. Shiba Inu (SHIB)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.0000135. -1.20802. Shiba Inu price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Pepe (PEPE). $0.0000075. -0.01075		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Pepe price. Bonk (BONK). $0.0000171		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
1.03709. Bonk price. Bitcoin (BTC)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$58,413.00. 0.7194. Bitcoin price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Ethereum (ETH). $2,520.15. 1.94971		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Ethereum price. BNB (BNB). $519.15		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
0.51805. BNB price. Solana (SOL)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$132.03. 0.65033. Solana price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
XRP (XRP). $0.555155. -0.37713		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
XRP price. Shiba Inu (SHIB). $0.0000135		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
-1.20802. Shiba Inu price. Pepe (PEPE)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.0000075. -0.01075. Pepe price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Bonk (BONK). $0.0000171. 1.03709		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Bonk price. Bitcoin (BTC). $58,413.00		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
0.7194. Bitcoin price. Ethereum (ETH)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$2,520.15. 1.94971. Ethereum price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
BNB (BNB). $519.15. 0.51805		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
BNB price. Solana (SOL). $132.03		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
0.65033. Solana price. XRP (XRP)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.555155. -0.37713. XRP price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Shiba Inu (SHIB). $0.0000135. -1.20802		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Shiba Inu price. Pepe (PEPE). $0.0000075		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
-0.01075. Pepe price. Bonk (BONK)		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
$0.0000171. 1.03709. Bonk price		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Exclusive: Interview with He Yi, Co-Founder and CMO of Binance. By. AlexK		Interview, he yi, binance, co-founder, cmo
Updated February 7, 2022 at 1:54 pm. News. Share		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Link copied. BTCManager. had the pleasure of interviewing Binance’s Co-Founder and CMO He Yi about Binance Open Platform, a new initiative undertaken by the well-known exchange that aims to make Binance’s technology and resources public.		Interview, he yi, binance, co-founder, cmo, binance open platform
The official news came a few weeks ago but Binance has long since shown its intentions towards an increasingly decentralized infrastructure. With the launch of the Open Platform initiative, Binance is working to transform itself into an open platform and make it’s future decentralized. The interesting thing is noting how Binance has chosen a different path from all the other projects in the crypto/blockchain industry. Launching in July 2017, Binance experienced staggering growth in 2017 and made to top 1 both thanks to the generally positive trend of the crypto and above all thanks to the excellent strategic choices made. And if we say in 2018 the company maintained strong momentum as the largest crypto exchange in the world, the year 2019. has witnessed its continuous expansion as it built its foundation. to move towards a decentralized ecosystem. Binance has therefore taken the opposite path to other companies. It started up as a traditional (centralized) business, working relentlessly to create a public and decentralized platform. According to its founder, in fact, the road to decentralization is a long and delicate path that should not be rushed. The first move was the launch of Binance Chain and  Binance DEX, the latter is a service that allows its users to access exchange services in a decentralized way. Now the company wants to move on to the next level, allowing other businesses to use its technology and resources to enable more crypto access worldwide. Let’s see some details of this initiative with Binance Co-Founder and CMO, He Yi.		He yi, binance, co-founder, cmo, decentralized, infrastructure, binance chain, binance dex, crypto exchange, decentralization
BTCManager:. Could you explain what you mean with the Open Platform?. He Yi:		He yi
Under the Open Platform initiative, Binance will open access to our technology and resources, in an endeavor to enable more crypto access globally. We believe the future of Binance is a decentralized open platform, and we have taken many steps in achieving this.. If you look at what Binance did last year, you’ll see we built a lot of new products and introduced new services, which we summarized as building a house. Launching in July 2017 as a crypto-to-crypto exchange, Binance has evolved into much more than that. We have built margin and futures trading platforms, many more fiat-to-crypto gateways, lending products, and staking services, to grow the crypto and new financial ecosystem.. But what we are doing is not only building a house. We want to build the roads – infrastructure. We want to build roads surrounding the house and in the city so other people can build on their own and develop great products with the tools we provide. By building the infrastructure and empowering industry players, we have been pushing toward our vision of increasing freedom of money.		Binance, decentralized, infrastructure, crypto exchange, freedom of money
BTCM: It is the first time that a major cryptocurrency exchange offers this kind of solution, could you explain what do you aim to achieve?. He Yi:. At Binance, our vision has always been to increase the freedom of money. We view crypto as a fundamental means to attain this goal and work hard to ensure that all of our products and services contribute in some way to reaching the vision.		He yi, binance, freedom of money
BTCM: What are the requirements to access your open platform program?. He Yi:. We have several programs under the Open Platform initiative, including the Binance Broker program, Binance Cloud, etc. Each program is different in nature and is designed for various participants. We want to provide a platform where any organization and individual can be a part of it.		He yi, binance, broker program, binance cloud
For example, a broker should be an institution with no less than 20,000 users, including cryptocurrency aggregation trading platforms, bond dealers or securities brokers, and stock trading platforms, etc. A Binance Cloud partner should prepare a regulated business entity, the name of the exchange, logo, domain, security certificates and other data to be displayed on the exchange. They should also demonstrate business capabilities in user acquisition, operations, and compliance.. BTCM: Don’t you think that having requirements to access an “open” program is a bit of a contradiction?. He Yi:		He yi, binance, binance cloud
The concept of the Open Platform initiative is to cater to different participants. A community member can always find a way to be part of it. It’s a platform where everybody can shine.. BTCM: What will be the relation between businesses built over your infrastructure and Binance itself?. He Yi:		He yi, binance, infrastructure
It varies by programs but the goal remains the same, that is to fostering crypto adoption and driving freedom of money.. BTCM: As we understand, you see the Future of Binance as an Open Platform. How do you comment on the recent allegation of mobilizing customer deposits to vote in what has been described as a hostile takeover of popular crypto blogging platform Steemit?. He Yi:		He yi, binance, freedom of money, steemit, customer deposits
Binance stays neutral. It was under the impression that this was a regular upgrade/hard fork that projects do all the time, and we are usually in a supportive position. Based on the feedback of the Steemit community, we have unvoted. The voting didn’t involve the moving of any assets. We will continue to support regular upgrades/hard forks.. BTCM: What are the “Open” initiative you have launched so far? And what can we expect in the future?. He Yi:		He yi, binance, steemit, hard fork, regular upgrades
We launched the. Broker Program. and announced a		Broker program
big upgrade. recently, allowing other exchanges, platforms, and institutions to bring trading services to their users through an API by leveraging Binance’s liquidity and market depth. Binance provides order matching services, account management and settlement systems to the brokers so they can fully focus on business development and receive profit-sharing on trading fees. So far, more than 100 institutions around the world have applied to participate as a Binance Broker, with around 50 already onboarded.. The other approach we’re pursuing is the introduction of		Binance, api, liquidity, market depth, trading services
Binance Cloud. , an infrastructure solution for partners to launch digital asset exchanges by leveraging Binance’s technology, security, and liquidity. Binance Cloud mirrors core functionalities of. the Binance Exchange		Binance, infrastructure, binance cloud, liquidity, digital asset exchanges
, ranging from the robust matching engine, trading risk controls, and big data security system, to the market depth and liquidity, allowing a wide range of institutions to set up a digital asset trading platform in their local markets. The partners will be able to provide global payments and trading services that include spot trading, local bank API integrations and peer-to-peer (P2P) fiat-to-crypto trading. Binance Cloud will add more features in the near future, including futures and OTC (over-the-counter) trading services, staking, as well as token launch capabilities. The exchange infrastructure solution allows the partners to fully focus on business development, users, operations, local fiat gateways, and compliance, accelerating crypto access to local users and driving global adoption of crypto. The first major digital asset exchange fully powered by Binance Cloud will launch soon.. In the future, the Open Platform initiative may also encompass Binance P2P (peer-to-peer) platform and Binance Chain. Binance P2P platform serves as an open marketplace facilitating direct trades between users and merchants. The Binance Chain is a public blockchain initiated by Binance and built through joint efforts of the community. To date, 180 digital assets have been issued on Binance Chain and 100 digital assets have been listed on. Binance DEX		Binance, infrastructure, binance chain, binance dex, binance cloud, api, liquidity, market depth, trading services, token launch, global adoption, binance p2p
, the decentralized exchange on top of Binance Chain.. Under the Open Platform initiative,  we will develop new products beyond brokerage and cloud solutions, in efforts to provide more access to crypto around the world toward the mission of freedom of money.. BTCManager would also like to thank		Binance, decentralized, binance chain, freedom of money
He Yi. f. or taking the time for this interview.		Interview, he yi
Read more about. Binance. Blockchain		Binance
Exchange. Load More. Top Stories		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Top Stories. BOME, WIF, SHIB hit the hardest, investor interest in meme coins declines. 3 hours ago		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Top Stories. Sun Token’s 240% monthly rally faces headwinds amid a dip in open interest. 5 hours ago		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Top Stories. Cardano switches to decentralized governance with Chang hardfork. 7 hours ago		Decentralized
Top Stories. OKX hires ex-MAS official as Singapore branch CEO. 6 hours ago		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Top Stories. Hong Kong’s stablecoin issuer IDA raises $6m in round led by CMCC Global and Hashed. 4 hours ago		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Related News. Previous. Next		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Follow-up. Read more - Blockchain gaming startup Oasys scores funds from SBI Holdings. Blockchain gaming startup Oasys scores funds from SBI Holdings		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
17 hours ago. News. Read more - Report: Blockchain is poised to overhaul global payment systems		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Report: Blockchain is poised to overhaul global payment systems. ETH. SOL		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
USDT. USDC. 3 days ago		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
News. Read more - Binance to support Cardano’s Chang hard fork. Binance to support Cardano’s Chang hard fork		Binance, hard fork
ADA. 3 days ago. Sign up for crypto news and market insights		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Get crypto market analysis and curated news delivered right to your inbox every week.. Email. Subscribe		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.. crypto.news. News		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Market Cap. Free Bitcoins. Buy Crypto		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Learn. Glossary. Sitemap		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
News. Bitcoin. Blockchain		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Ethereum. DeFi. Altcoin		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Regulation. Predictions. Info		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Advertise. Contact us. About		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Careers. Terms. Terms of Service		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Privacy Policy. Cookie Policy. Social		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
X. Telegram. LinkedIn		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Google News. RSS Feed. crypto.news		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
© 2015-2024 crypto.news. Search. Search		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
News. All. Bitcoin		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Blockchain. Ethereum. DeFi		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Altcoin. Regulation. NFT		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Metaverse. Feature. Opinion		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Follow-up. Markets. Prices		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Learn. Free Bitcoins. Buy Crypto		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Events. Meme Coins. Tap-to-earn		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Newsletters. Claim 5BTC free bonus. BC.GAME		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
WIN BIG with Leicester city, Price pool $BC10,000,000. WELCOME BONUS 180% up to 5 BTC. Support 100+ tokens and NFT		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Instant payouts. 10000+ casino games. No KYC		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
No withdraw waiting. Advertise. Info		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Contact us. about. Careers		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Glossary. Terms. Terms of Service		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Privacy Policy. Cookie Policy. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies. By using our site you consent to the use of cookies. Find additional information on how we use cookies in our		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
Cookie Policy. .. I accept cookies		Crypto, Binance, HeYi Interview
