Index	Content	Keywords
1	Yi He - People in crypto | IQ	crypto
2       Categories NFTs Decentralized Finance Exchanges Cryptocurrencies DAOs People in Crypto Dapps Organizations Rank Activity Yi He is a Chinese entrepreneur 
        and investor best known for founding Binance , the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange, with Changpeng Zhao . She serves as the Chief Marketing Officer  leading business,    

        marketing, and branding strategy at Binance and is also the head of Binance Labs binance, crypto


3	She was previously a co-founder of the cryptocurrency exchange OKX and also served as Vice president for the leading mobile video tech company, Yixia Technology.
        Early Life & Education Yi He was born in 1986 in China.	


4	 She grew up in a rural area in Sichuan province in western China, where her parents worked as teachers. In one of her interviews, she mentioned: 
            “I'm from a very small village and a very poor family” Career Yi He's first job was promoting a new soft drink by giving out free samples in front of a supermarket	


5      "It was a hard job and all the talking and hawking led to a hoarse voice” Yi He's career in the entrainment industry began in 2012 when she joined a Chinese Television Channel 
        and worked as a TV Show host for a travel show. She left the media industry in July 2014 and joined a startup	


6	Yi He learned about Bitcoin in 2013 while working for the start-up. In 2014, She started working in the cryptocurrency space and was one of the co-founders of OKCoin
     	bitcoin

7	 She led OKCoin’s branding and marketing strategy. OKCoin was the largest Chinese cryptocurrency-to-fiat exchange as of 2015	


8	 Yi He handled user operations management, online marketing management, social media management, PR management, and branding management and helped 
         OKCoin to obtain 60% of the Chinese market share. In December 2015, Yi He joined the leading mobile video-sharing tech company, Yixia Technology	


9	 She served as Vice president and handled the product management and marketing operations for the company and its subsidiaries. She created the live-broadcasting platform 
          “Yi Zhi Bo" which was later acquired by a social network company, Weibo	


10	 At that time, she said in a blog post: “This world is crazier than you think, and I am part of this crazy world". Therefore, I would like to go back to my battlefield, 
         join Binance, in order to complete my mission	binance



11	In August 2017, she joined Changpeng Zhao to lead Binance , as their CMO. Under her leadership, Binance became one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the world in
            just a few months, offering trading services for a wide range of cryptocurrencies	binance


12	Yi He had been responsible for many of Binance's key initiatives, including the launch of Binance's Initial Coin Offering (ICO)
          platform and its educational initiatives aimed at promoting the adoption and understanding of blockchain and cryptocurrencies. Since 2017, Yi He has served as CMO of Binance
           managing Binance's venture investment arm and all marketing efforts, including online marketing operations management, social media management, PR, 
         and branding management blockchain, binance


13	Yi He is also a blockchain and cryptocurrency thought leader, regularly speaking at industry events and contributing to the development of the industry. On August 3rd, 2022, 
        Yi He    was appointed as the new head of Binance Labs , the venture capital (VC) arm and incubator of Binance	blockchain, binance


14	 She had been actively involved in Binance Labs since the very beginning so, along with the whole team, believed that it was the perfect step up for Yi to take on a bigger role.
         “As part of the founding team, Yi has been actively involved in Labs since its inception and has played a pivotal role in identifying early-stage projects and 
          founders with television and drive to disrupt those global institutions that no longer serve society effectively	binance

15	 This is the perfect moment for Yi to take on a larger role in Labs as this market presents an unparalleled opportunity to identify those projects with the tenacity to 
          thrive in tough market conditions.” - Changpeng Zhao Yi took the opportunity to take lead in global strategy and the day-to-day operations at Binance Labs	binance


16	 Her vision is to drive the future adoption of Web3 and blockchain technology by building the standard for the blockchain industry. Under her leadership, 
          finding founders who are motivated and capable has been the focal point when finding the correct investments	blockchain


17	“Part of the journey of seeing Binance grow, especially through tough market conditions, has been the ability to identify those founders that have the skills and 
         embody the values needed to thrive in an environment where resources are more limited. As a leading player in the space, my goal is to help define the industry standard 
         by identifying and supporting sustainable projects and building an ecosystem of quality blockchain solutions that empowers the entire industry” - Yi He
         In June 2023, Radiant Capital, a decentralized finance lending and borrowing protocol, secured a $10 million investment from Binance Labs with the guidance of 
         Yi He blockchain, binance


18	 She emphasized Radiant's potential for driving broader adoption, particularly through its cross-chain capabilities. "Radiant Capital's commitment to facilitating 
          seamless cross-chain transactions for DeFi, and performance on Arbitrum and BNB Chain demonstrates its potential for driving mass adoption"	


19	” Philanthropy Yi He is also actively involved in a number of charitable activities". Some of notable ones include Binance 
          Charity Foundation: This is a non-profit organization founded by Binance in 2018, with the goal of using blockchain technology to enhance transparency 
          and efficiency in the global charity sector	blockchain, binance


20	 It has carried out several initiatives, including providing relief aid to disaster-stricken areas and helping to educate underprivileged children. Binance
          for Children: This is a campaign launched by Binance Charity Foundation in 2019, aimed at helping children in need around the world	binance


21	 As part of this initiative, Binance has donated funds to organizations working in education, healthcare, and other areas to support children's development. Binance
         COVID-19 Relief Fund: In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Binance established a relief fund in 2020 to provide financial support to organizations and individuals affected 
         by the crisis	binance


22	 The company also launched a fundraising campaign, encouraging its users to donate funds, which were then distributed to those in need. Interviews Personal Growth 
         On July 15th,   2022, the first interview given in English by Yi He was released where she highlights the importance of challenging oneself as well as what it takes to 
         become successful	


23	 Throughout the interview, she talks about her willingness to challenge herself and take risks in her career. For example, when she left her role in media to enter the blockchain
         industry for the first time, she actually didn't find it too difficult	blockchain


24	"My talent has always been trying to challenge myself. I think a lot of people set limits for themselves so they just keep enjoying life and want to stay where they 
         feel    comfortable	

25	” She also stated that she believes blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies have the power to existing financial systems. “I felt it really had the potential to help 
           people    globally	blockchain

26	 I came to the decision to join very fast. I believed it would be the future	

27	” Yi He also recognizes that success is a team effort and that it is important to hire the best people, highlighting the importance of collaboration". "The biggest challenge that 
            we face is making sure we hire the best people in the world	"

28	"No one can be successful on their own" In the interview, she also explained that the reason behind CZ being the face of the company was because he suited the role better 
         than she did, despite the pair of them being the ones who founded the company together. "CZ is definitely a better candidate to be the public face of the company	

29	 He’s like the captain, or the driver and if the company has too many public figureheads that would make people confused." Investment Strategies 
          On September 19th, 2022, Yi took part in an interview going over her investment strategies for Binance Labs	binance

30	 Firstly, she stated that the team was looking out for projects that would benefit the company long-term and are still in their early stages. She also believes that
         the bear market   is a good investment opportunity as it helps get rid of projects that lack a solid foundation	

31	"We all know it’s a good investment opportunity in a bear market, as many teams that only look to make some quick money would be forced out of the industry. 
         It’s good timing now to support those who really want to run a good business and believe in this industry	


32	Yi also added that the team looks for projects that would benefit the company regardless of the conditions of the market, but make bolder, yet calculated,
          investment decisions   during bear markets. "We generally figure out what we really want no matter if we’re in a bull or bear market	


33	 In a bear market, I think we should make investments more aggressively, but not just for the sake of investing." Yi highlights that there are three types of companies that 
          Binance Labs is looking at, those that build the infrastructure, those that run all kinds of blockchain applications, and those that provide blockchain-related services	blockchain, binance

34	 "There are three types of companies we’re looking at. The first type are those that build the infrastructure	


35	 The second type of projects we’d invest in are those that run all kinds of blockchain applications. The third type of companies we’re looking at are those that provide 
         blockchain-related services to support the better development of the industry, such as data security	blockchain

36	" Yi's Advice for Women On March 8th, 2023, Yi He stated that she believes that women need to focus on culminating the mindset to succeed in the Web3 space. 
         She said that women should "never set a limit" on themselves, and instead, be assertive, take ownership, and focus on becoming good business leaders regardless of their gender	


37	 Yi emphasized that everyone must focus on three key components: mindset, growth management, and decision-making. Yi noted that nearly 30% of senior leaders at 
            Binance are women who used to report directly to the company’s ex-CEO, Changpeng “CZ” Zhao	binance


38	 In an effort to promote education and provide opportunities for women, Binance Charity announced its initiative to provide over 30,000 Web3 scholarships over the next year, 
          with some of the scholarships specifically targeting women-centered organizations in developing countries. “Forget your gender binance

39	 Don’t focus on the fact that you’re a woman in a man’s world. Instead, focus on how to be a good business leader, regardless of being a man or woman	

40	” Regulatory Views On June 28, 2023, Yi He discussed the global trend of cryptocurrency regulation in a Bloomberg interview, acknowledging its inevitability and potential benefits.
           Her remarks came amid regulatory challenges faced by Binance and its ex-CEO Changpeng Zhao 	binance


41	 Yi He emphasized the importance of compliance, suggesting that Binance's commitment to regulatory alignment sets it apart in the industry. She cautioned against confrontational
         approaches to regulation, noting that cooperation with government agencies is more effective	binance


42	 Most notably, she stated that if Binance is found guilty of not being compliant with regulations, all crypto trading platforms would be found guilty as well. 
         “If they really took the time to understand our industry, they would see that if Binance isn’t compliant, then practically no other global trading platform or offshore company
          binance, crypto


43	” In April 2024, Yi “dispelled concerns over the regulatory status” of Changpeng Zhao at the Binance Chinese Meetup held on the sideline of the Token2049 conference in Dubai,  
           according to the company’s newsfeed. Yi said that: “CZ's current standing in the US is largely peaceful and past regulatory pressures have been internally anticipated binance

44	 She believes the existing situation to be the most optimal outcome given the circumstances.” CZ is set for sentencing in the United States on one felony charge on April 30, 2024	

45	Social Media Updates
         Yi He took to Twitter on February 6th, 2024, to communicate important updates regarding listing transparency and security measures within the crypto community, in order to 
         demonstrate Binance's intend for a proactive stance in addressing scams and fostering a secure trading atmosphere. On June 14, 2024, Yi He took to X to question its CEO, Elon Musk
        on how he plans to address issues concerning crypto scams present on the platform binance, crypto


46	According to her, one specific impersonation scam directed users to click on a link purported to give access to Binance-backed memecoins: "I have not issued any new
         MEMEcoins .Clicking on the link will result in your money being stolen	binance


47	 Many people were tricked by this hacker link and lost a significant amount of money today. Is there any way to address this issue?" - 
         	
48	she wrote Musk is yet to respond to Yi He post on X.com . See something wrong? Report to us.	
	
50	38ad Events View Timeline of Events Views 5,051 Profile Summary Social Profiles : IQ GPT Chat Hi There! I am IQ GPT Chatbot. Here is some cool stuff I can do for you	

51      Generate additional info for this page Content/page summary. Ask me about crypto ELI5 Powered by IQGPT crypto

52     Get more insights on the article content with IQ GPT chat bot Hi There! I am IQ GPT Chatbot. Here is some cool stuff I can do for you	

53	Generate additional info for this page Content/page summary. Ask me about crypto ELI5 Powered by IQGPT crypto
54      Feedback Average Rating Based on over 5 ratings How was your experience? Give this wiki a quick rating to let us know! Commit Info Edited By Zainab Edited On June 19, 2024

55      Reason for edit: updates on scam condemnation Twitter Timeline Loading.	

56      Loading Media Yi He Commit Info Edited By Zainab Edited On June 19, 2024 Reason for edit: updates on scam condemnation Feedback

57     Average Rating Based on over 5 ratings How was your experience? Give this wiki a quick rating to let us know! Twitter Timeline Loading	.	
	
58     Loading Media REFERENCES iq.wiki Binance Oct 25, 2023 iq	binance
59	wiki Binance Oct 25, 2023 video.sina	binance
60	com.cn 美丽目的地 Oct 25, 2022 video	
61	sina.com	
62	《美丽目的地》主持何一邂逅云水谣之美 Oct 25, 2022
63      www.binance	binance. com       https://www.binance	binance

64     www.sohu.com 一下科技副总裁何一：“我心里住着一个张飞” Oct 25, 2022 decrypt.co Decrypto - The inside story of Binance's explosive rise Feb 12,2023

65	binance.com Binance Blog - Binance Charity foundation Feb 12, 2023
66      Binance bog - Binance Charity donates 1M to UNICEF for COVID Feb 12, 2023

67	protocol.com Protocol - Binance's co-founder could remake its crypto Feb 12, 2023

68      Binance About page -Binance announcing Yi as head of Labs    

69	protocol.com Protocol interview Jun 13, crypto	
70      crypto.com 24-7 Crypto interview Jun 13, 2023 www.coindesk.com Yi He on Radiant Capital investment Aug 7, 2023
71      twitter.com twitter Feb 21, 2024 blockchain	blockchain news blockchain news - Yi He updates Feb 21, 2024
72      www.binance.com blockchain, binance.com Yi He on CZ's regulatory status Apr 29, 2024 cointelegraph.com Binance co-founder He Yi says CZ received ‘most optimal outcome’ Apr 29, 2024
73      Binance co-founder beseeches Elon Musk to address cryptocurrency scams on X Jun 19, 2024 x.com He yi's post on X scams Jun 19, 2024.